SOURCE_URL: https://www.gepco.com.pk/

GEPCO
بجلی سے متعلقہ تمام شکایات کیلئے 118 پر 24 گھنٹے رابطہ کریں یا 8118
پر میسج کریں
We Provide Services That You Can Trust!
Gujranwala Electric Power Company Limited (GEPCO) has been setup over the area of jurisdiction and electrification network of former Area Electricity Board, which was created in early eighties. It encompassed the areas of existing districts of Gujranwala, Hafizabad, Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat and Mandi Bahauddin. GEPCO was incorporated on 25th April 1998 and obtained certificate for commencement of business on 5th June 1998.
Google Play Store
Click to Get
Duplicate / Web Bill
Click to Register
Register Mobile Number
Click to Get
Load Management Schedule
Click For Details
GEPCO Business Plan 2025-28
4541103
Domestic Consumers
458021
Commercial Consumers
88176
Industrial Consumers
57417
Tubewel Consumers
About us
Gujranwala Electric Power Company Limited (GEPCO) has been setup over the area of jurisdiction and electrification network of former Area Electricity Board, which was created in early eighties. It encompassed the areas of existing districts of Gujranwala, Hafizabad, Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat and Mandi Bahauddin.
GEPCO was incorporated on 25th April 1998 and obtained certificate for commencement of business on 5th June 1998. Management and Administration is entrusted to a Board of Directors (BOD).
Earlier in 1960s, the Govt. of Pakistan (GoP) has decided to set up an independent and autonomous Authority to deal with all available water resources and power system network including power generation, transmission and distribution. The department was formed and named as Water And Power Development Authority (WAPDA), the 2nd biggest department in Pakistan after Pak Army. In 1980s, the power distribution network of WAPDA was sub-divided into eight Area Electricity Boards (AEB), Gujranwala was one of the AEBs among different Electricity Boards dealing with power distribution system.
In 1998, WAPDA was dis-integrated into two main sector PEPCO and WAPDA. Where, WAPDA was restricted to only deal with water resources and hydro-generation and PEPCO (Pakistan Electric Power Company) was found as overall in-charge/ Company of Thermal Generation (GENCOs: Generation Companies), Transmission (NTDC: National Transmission & Dispatch Company) and Distribution (DISOs: Distribution Companies. PEPCO was formed as temporary in-charge Company of GENCOs, NTDC and DISCOs which was decided to be dissolved when these companies start working independently under umbrella of their respective BODs (Board of Directors) GEPCO has about 3098120 connections with average monthly collection for the year 2016-17 is approximately 8937 Million Rupees.
GPF Matched List
GPF Un-Matched List
Latest Updates
Click On Image Below To Get Details
EVCS Connections
Career Opportunities
ShutDowns
Tenders
New Connection
HR Plan For 2% DISABLE QUOTA
Political Map of Pakistan
Services We Offer
Click On Image Below To Get Details
Deuplicate Bill
Net Metering
Register Number
Support Centers
Load Management