SOURCE_URL: https://www.ke.com.pk/faqs/

FAQs – K-Electric
Skip to content
FAQs
Registration for Government Electricity Subsidy Eligibility
Q 1. Why am I being asked to register my information?
The Government of Pakistan is collecting customer information to assess eligibility for electricity subsidy benefits.
Q 2. Who needs to complete the registration?
This registration requirement applies to eligible residential customers covered under Lifeline, Protected and Non-Protected (Non-ToU) categories. Residential Non-Protected (Non-ToU) customers are eligible if their monthly consumption is up to 300 units.
Q 3.	How do I register?
Simply scan the QR code printed on your KE bill in the “Message Board” and follow the instructions to provide the required information. Make sure to carefully type your information.
Q 4.	What information will I need to provide?
The information required for verification will be displayed after scanning the QR code which may include mandatory fields of Name, CNIC and Mobile no.
Q 5.	If I've already registered, do I need to do it again every month?
No. Once you have successfully submitted information, you do not need to submit the same again in case there is no change in the directions from Government of Pakistan or no change in user details.
To avoid any issues, please ensure that you provide accurate and complete information when registering.
Q 6.	Is there any fee for registering?
No. The registration is completely free of charge.
Q 7.	What happens if I do not register?
Failure to register may result in suspension of your government electricity subsidy benefits, as per applicable Government of Pakistan directives.
Q 8.	How will my information be used?
The information collected will be used in accordance with applicable Government of Pakistan requirements related to electricity subsidy eligibility assessment.
Q 9.	I own the property, but the electricity connection is registered in someone else’s name. Can I still apply?
Yes.
You can complete the registration process using your electricity connection. Your application will then be assessed by the Government of Pakistan (GoP) to determine subsidy eligibility.
Q 10. I own more than one property with electricity connections registered in my name. Can I register for all of them?
Yes.
Each electricity connection must be registered separately by its
respective user / occupant
. Every registered connection will be assessed individually by the Government of Pakistan (GoP). Registering one connection does
not
automatically make other connections eligible for the subsidy.
Q 11. I am a tenant, and the electricity connection is not registered in my name. Can I still apply?
Yes.
You can complete the registration process using your electricity connection. Your registration details will be used by the Government of Pakistan (GoP) to assess subsidy eligibility, regardless of whether the connection is registered in your name, your landlord's name, or another person's name. Final eligibility will be determined by the GoP.
Q 12. Where can I get assistance?
For assistance, please contact KE's 24/7 Contact Centre on 118.
Mashreq Cashback Offer
Q 1. What is the KE x Mashreq cashback offer? How do I get this offer?
You can earn 10% cashback (capped at PKR 10,000) on your K-Electric (KE) bill when you pay it through the Mashreq Pakistan App. This offer is applicable on
current accounts only (Islamic Current Account & Islamic Current Profit Account)
and is valid from 16
th
June 2026 to 15
th
August 2026.
Cashback will be credited to your account within one month of Bill Payment.
To avail this offer:
Download the Mashreq Pakistan App and complete your account setup
Login > Pay > Pay bills > Utilities > K Electric
Enter your consumer number and confirm payment
Q 2. What if I don’t have a Mashreq account yet?
You can easily open an account by downloading the Mashreq Mobile App. Simply tap on "Become a customer" and select the type of account you want to open. Then enter your details, scan your CNIC, and provide biometrics to become a part of Mashreq. You can also choose to share additional verification information with us to enjoy upgraded account limits.
Q 3.	What is the eligibility criteria for the KE bill payment campaign?
This offer is available to all Mashreq Pakistan customers who pay their KE bill through the Mashreq Mobile app during the campaign period (16
th
June 2026 to 15
th
August 2026).
Please note
: Only one bill payment per customer is eligible for cashback during the campaign period.
Q 4.	When will I receive my KE bill payment cashback?
Your cashback will be credited to your Mashreq account within one month of your KE bill payment.
Q 5.	Can I get cashback on multiple KE bills?
No. Cashback applies to only one KE bill payment per customer, made through the Mashreq Pakistan App till 15
th
August 2026.
Q 6.	How much cashback am I entitled to?
You can get 10% cashback on your KE bill payment.
Minimum cashback: PKR 500
Maximum cashback: PKR 10,000
KE bill
10% calculation
Cashback received
PKR 3,000
PKR 300 (below minimum)
PKR 500
PKR 50,000
PKR 5,000
PKR 5,000
PKR 300,000
PKR 30,000 (capped)
PKR 10,000
Q 7.	Can I open more than one account to get multiple cashbacks?
No. Cashback is limited to one KE bill payment per customer.
Q 8.	What if my KE bill payment fails or is reversed?
If your payment does not go through successfully or is reversed, no cashback will be awarded. In case you are facing issues with your bill payment, please reach out to us via Mashreq Mobile App Help section. Login > Help
Q 9.	Can I pay someone else's KE bill and get the cashback?
Yes. Cashback applies to a single KE bill payment made from your Mashreq account, regardless of whose consumer number is used.
Q 10. Where will my cashback appear?
The cashback will be credited directly to your Mashreq account. You will be able to see it as a credit entry in your transaction history with a description referencing the KE cashback offer.
Q 11. Can I withdraw the cashback?
Yes. Once the cashback is credited to your account, it becomes part of your account balance and can be used like any other funds — for payments, transfers, or withdrawals.
Q 12. I paid my bill but did not receive the cashback. What should I do?
First, check your transaction history to confirm that the payment was successful. If it was successful but you have not received your cashback within one month of bill payment, please contact Mashreq customer support via the website or in app chat support with your KE bill payment transaction reference number.
Rationalization of Tariff for XWDISCOs & KE
Revision of Schedule of Tariff (SOT) & Fixed Charges
Q 1. Has the Tariff been revised?
The Government of Pakistan via SRO No. 279 (I)/2026 dated 12
th
Feb 2026 has
revised the structure of electricity tariffs for certain categories.
For Residential Consumers
: Restructuring of
Fixed
Charges
from Rs / Conn / Month to (Rs/kW/Month) alongside revision in existing Variable per-unit (kWh) Charges
For Industrial Consumers
: revision of Variable per-unit (kWh) Charges
Q 2. What are Fixed Charges & why are they revised?
Fixed charges are monthly charges applied for maintaining your electricity connection and grid availability, regardless of how many units you consume.
Electricity supply involves significant fixed costs, such as:
Power generation capacity
Transmission and distribution networks
System maintenance and operations
Q 3. Which customers are affected by Fixed Charges with respect to updated SRO?
With respect to SRO 279, fixed charges for only residential consumers will be changed. The fixed charges will now be billed on Rs / KW/ Month instead of Rs / Con / Month as per the revised rates as mentioned in SRO.
Q 4.	Are there any customers exempted from the Fixed Charges.
Yes, only Lifeline Residential Customers remain exempt.
Q 5.	Are Fixed Charges dependant on my monthly consumption?
Fixed Charges applicable rate depends on the slab of units consumed, Sanction Load and MDI. For example, if a your monthly consumption exceeds 500 units, you will be charged 675 / KW / Month.
Q 6.	Does this mean electricity has become more expensive?
Not necessarily.
In case of residential consumers, fixed charges have been applied whereas variable charges have been decreased in certain slabs, so after a particular consumption, the overall bill is expected to be reduced.
In case of Industrial Consumers, the variable charges per unit have decreased in certain slabs, so the overall bill is expected to be reduced.
Q 7.	What is the revised Schedule of Tariffs for Residential & Industrial Customers?
As per SRO 279(1)/2026, the SoT for Residential and Industrial Consumers of K-Electric is given below
Q 8.	How are fixed charges calculated for Residential – Non-TOU customers?
Fixed charges for Non-Time of Use (Non-TOU) residential customers are calculated based on sanctioned load.
Consumption Slab
Fixed Charge Rate Rs (kW / month)
Up to 50 Units (Lifeline)
0
51–100 Units (Lifeline)
0
1–100 Units (Protected)
200
101–200 Units (Protected)
300
1–100 Units (Unprotected)
275
101–200 Units
300
201–300 Units
350
301–400 Units
400
401–500 Units
500
501 Units & above
675
Fixed Charge = Sanctioned Load (kW) × Applicable Fixed Charge Rate (Rs/kW/month)
Example:
Sanctioned Load = 5 kW
Applicable Fixed Charge Rate = Rs 350/kW/month
Monthly Fixed Charge = 5 × 350 = Rs 1,750
Q 9.	How are fixed charges calculated for Residential – TOU customers?
Fixed charges for Time of Use (TOU) residential customers are applied on the higher of:
• 50% of sanctioned load, OR
• Maximum Demand Indicator (MDI)
ToU Category
Fixed Charge Rs (kW / month)
ToU – Peak / Off Peak
675
Fixed Charge = Applicable Load × Applicable Fixed Charge Rate (Rs/kW/month)
Example:
Sanctioned Load = 6 kW
50% of Sanctioned Load = 3 kW
MDI recorded = 4 kW
Higher of MDI or 50% of Sanction Load = 4 KW
Fixed Charge = 4 × 675 = Rs 2,700
Q 10.	Are fixed charges applicable for temporary connections?
Yes. Temporary connections will also be charged fixed charges
Q 11. Does this tariff apply to K-Electric customers?
Yes. The Government maintains a
uniform electricity tariff across Pakistan
, including for K-Electric customers. The revised tariff structure applies to K-Electric customers as notified under
SRO No. 279 (I)/2026
dated 12
th
Feb 2026.
Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA)
Q 1. What are Fuel Charge Adjustments?
Fuel Prices used for electricity generation are volatile and are influenced by global supply-demand, dynamics of international and local commodity markets and macroeconomic factors. In addition to fuel price movements, the overall cost of electricity generation is also affected by changes in generation mix (i.e. relative share of different fuel sources) and the volume of electricity generated during any given month.
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA)
is an approved regulatory mechanism by NEPRA that allows electricity utilities to recover (or refund) the costs based on variation in fuel prices, changes in generation mix and volume used to generate electricity.
FCA may be positive or negative depending on whether weighted average fuel costs per unit incurred during a given month are higher or lower than the weighted average reference fuel costs for the same month as approved in the tariff. These adjustments are reviewed and approved by NEPRA and subsequently passed onto consumers through electricity bills, usually with a time lag.
For example, FCA pertaining to electricity consumed in
October 202
5
was charged onto consumer bills in
December 2025
in line with NEPRA’s decision in the matter of Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA) for the month of October 2025 dated December 09, 2025.
It is important to note that FCA represents retrospective recovery or refund of fuel cost already incurred by utility companies.
Q 2. How are Fuel Charge Adjustment calculated?
FCA is calculated and determined by NEPRA for all DISCOs across Pakistan including K-Electric. This adjustment represents the difference between weighted average actual fuel cost per unit during the relevant month against the weighted average reference fuel cost per unit for the same month as approved in Tariff.
To maintain a uniform tariff across the country, FCAs for XW-DISCOs and K-Electric are determined through Tariff Rationalization. Accordingly, the FCA determined for XW-DISCOs is also applicable to K-Electric consumers in line with the Federal Government’s uniform tariff policy and to ensure the financial sustainability of the power sector.
Q 3. Why am I seeing higher than usual FCA on my electricity bills? OR Do rising Fuel prices have an impact on FCA?
An increase in FCA generally reflects higher fuel prices used for electricity generation and/or changes in generation mix. When fuel price per unit is lower as compared to reference month, the FCA is negative and the benefit is also passed onto consumers bills.
Q 4. Why do I see multiple FCA entries in my electricity bill?
You may see multiple FCA entries in your electricity bills during certain months. This occurs when NEPRA schedules the recovery of FCAs for multiple prior months within a single billing cycle. For instance:
FCAs for October 2023 & February 2024were recovered from customer bills in June 2024.
Similarly, FCAs for August 2023, November 2023 and December 2023 were recovered from customer bills in August 2024.
Both the timing and quantum of FCA application are determined by NEPRA.
Q 5. How is the FCA mentioned on the bill?
The FCA amount and its calculation are clearly mentioned at the front of your KE bill along with the breakdown of applicable charges.
Q 6. Is the FCA charged to all customer categories? Residential, industrial, commercial, slab, TOU?
As per notified SROs,
Positive FCAs are applied across all customer categories except lifeline consumers, Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (EVCS) and Pre-paid consumers of all categories who opted for pre-paid tariff. Please refer below SRO wherein positive FCA of April 2025 were charged to customer bills.
Negative FCAs are applied to all consumer categories except lifeline consumers, protected consumers, Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (EVCS) and Pre-paid consumers of all categories who opted for pre-paid tariff. Please refer below SRO wherein negative FCAs were charged to customer bills.
Q 7. Are KEs FCA different from other distribution companies FCA?
To maintain a uniform tariff across the country, FCAs for XW-DISCOs and K-Electric are determined through Tariff Rationalization. Accordingly, the FCA determined for XW-DISCOs is also applicable to K-Electric consumers in line with the Federal Government’s uniform tariff policy and to ensure the financial sustainability of the power sector.
The uniformity in FCAs of K-Electric and XW-DISCOs commenced from June 2025.
Q 8. Do I get any benefit when Fuel prices decrease? How is it reflected in my electricity bill?
Yes, when Fuel Prices are decreased from the reference amount, a negative FCA is reflected in your electricity bills. The adjusted amount is deducted for the amount payable
Q 9. Are these going to be a permanent feature of my bill from now on?
FCA is recurring monthly adjustment mechanism based on the variation of actual fuel costs incurred by power utilities and is determined and notified by NEPRA. This will be a regular feature based on any variation in fuel prices/mix as per the approved tariff mechanism. Consumers also get a benefit in form of negative FCA when fuel prices decrease. In case of delay in determination due to any reason, the FCA is charged at a later stage as also mentioned in examples above.
Q 10. What does a negative Fuel Charge Adjustment mean?
A negative FCA indicates that the weighted average fuel costs per unit for the given month were lower than the weighted average reference fuel cost per unit. Hence, instead of being charged, eligible consumers will get a benefit of approved amount. The amount of benefit is calculated by multiplying approved negative FCA for given month with the units consumed in that month. This is in line with NEPRA’s direction.
Q 11. How will a negative Fuel Charge Adjustment reflect in my bill?
A negative FCA is reflected in the bill as below:
PHL Surcharge
Q 1. Is the PHL Surcharge applicable across Pakistan or only on KE customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 and S.R.O 408(I)/2023 Government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 2. Is PHL Surcharge applicable across all categories of customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan across all categories, except residential life-line consumers. Schedule of charges as below:
For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 3. If KE has no part in the national circular debt, then why is the PHL Surcharge included in KE bills?
GoP has a uniform tariff policy whereby electricity tariffs are same across the country, therefore PHL surcharge has also been levied on KE consumers to maintain uniformity.
Q 4. Till when are the PHL charges applicable?
Per the S.R.O 408(I)/2023 government has not identified an end date for additional surcharge PHL
Q 5. Does this Additional Surcharge benefit KE in any way or will this amount be deposited with the Government of Pakistan?
No, KE will not be benefiting with the additional surcharge PHL, the amount collected in this regard will be transferred to GoP (Central Power Purchasing Agency – CPPAG), per the S.R.O 293(I)/2023.
Q 6. What can consumers do to do to manage this increase?
K-Electric advocates for Energy conservation which will help the consumers manage the increase in tariff and improve the economic conditions of Pakistan
Q 1. Why is my March 2023 bill higher than the previous month?
Many consumers have received bills higher than the previous month which may be due to changes in the tariff. Here are the changes:
Additional Surcharge (PHL) being applied on bills March onwards. Read more here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Application of FCA that was deferred last year. Read more about it here:
http://bit.ly/3JkNXZW
GST increased from 17% to 18%
Q 2. What is the PHL Surcharge and how does it affect my bill March onwards?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) up to Rs. 3.82/unit on Electricity Bills Across Pakistan this will reflect as “Additional surcharge (PHL)” in electricity bills effective March onwards. PHL stands for Power Holding Limited established for funding of power sector payables. The amount generated from the above-mentioned surcharge will be utilized to pay off the mark-up charges of PHL loans. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 3. Is the PHL Surcharge applicable across Pakistan or only on KE customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 and S.R.O 408(I)/2023 Government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 4. Is PHL Surcharge applicable across all categories of customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan across all categories, except residential life-line consumers. Schedule of charges as below:
For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 5. If KE has no part in the national circular debt, then why is the PHL Surcharge included in KE bills?
GoP has a uniform tariff policy whereby electricity tariffs are same across the country, therefore PHL surcharge has also been levied on KE consumers to maintain uniformity.
Q 6. Till when are the PHL charges applicable?
Per the S.R.O 408(I)/2023 government has not identified an end date for additional surcharge PHL
Q 7. Does this Additional Surcharge benefit KE in any way or will this amount be deposited with the Government of Pakistan?
No, KE will not be benefiting with the additional surcharge PHL, the amount collected in this regard will be transferred to GoP (Central Power Purchasing Agency – CPPAG), per the S.R.O 293(I)/2023.
Q 8. What can consumers do to do to manage this increase?
K-Electric advocates for Energy conservation which will help the consumers manage the increase in tariff and improve the economic conditions of Pakistan
GST
Q 1. What is the percentage of GST charges in the consumer’s bill?
18% GST is charged on the total bill amount of commercial and residential tariffs.
Advance Income Tax for Non-Filers
Q 1. Why is Advanced Income Tax / Withholding Tax being charged on my electricity consumption?
This is applicable across Pakistan based on the provisions of Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 relating to collection of Advance Income Tax from industrial, commercial, and domestic consumers on electricity consumption. Following are the applicable rates:
Residential Customers:
S.No
Gross amount of billed
Active Tax Payer
Inactive Tax Payer
1
if the amount of monthly bill is less than Rs 25,000/
0%
0%
2
if the amount of monthly bill is Rs,25,000/- or more
0%
7.5%
Industrial & Commercial Customers:
S.No
Gross amount of billed
Tax rate
1
Upto Rs. 500
Rs. 0
2
exceeds Rs. 500 but does not exceed Rs. 20,000
10% of the amount (between 500 and 20,000)
3
exceeds Rs.20,000
Rs. 1,950 plus 12% of the amount exceeding Rs. 20,000 for commercial consumers Rs. 1,950 plus 5% of the amount exceeding Rs. 20,000 for industrial consumers
Q 2. What does “Active Taxpayer” mean?
A person who not only duly files his income tax returns but whose name also appears on the
Active Taxpayers
List issued/updated by Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) from time to time.
Q 3. I am a Tax-filer and my name/CNIC is also appearing on Active Taxpayer List issued by FBR. My electricity bill as a domestic consumer is more than Rs. 25000. How do I update my CNIC on the KE bill so that advance income tax under section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 is not charged on me?
If you are an Active Tax Payer, and your KE account name and address is the same as the name and address on your CNIC, please immediately share your copy of CNIC with us through either of the below customer touchpoints to update your information to ensure that you are not charged an Advance Income Tax on your electricity consumption bill (domestic):
Update your scanned CNIC copy
HERE
Visit a KE Customer Care Centre with a copy of your valid CNIC and your KE Account Number.
Q 4. I am a property owner. How do I update my CNIC in KE’s system if my KE account details are different from my CNIC details?
If you are the property owner but your KE account details for electricity connection at the said property do not match with your CNIC name and address, then you will need to apply for a Change of Name. Visit your nearest IBC and submit the duly filled form along with the registered sale deed (ownership proof), attested copy of your CNIC, NOC from previous owner, a copy of your last paid bill (evidencing that no arrears are pending) and Undertaking at any KE Customer Care Centre. You may also apply for a Change of Name online via:
The KE Live App
https://www.ke.com.pk/live-playstore
(Google Play)
https://apps.apple.com/pk/app/ke-live/id1458106362
(App Store)
KE Live Web Portal
https://live.ke.com.pk/Pages/LoginPage.aspx
The Change of Name process may take up to nineteen (19) working days. You will receive a confirmation of completion via SMS. We will update your user account details on receipt of your complete request.
Q 5. If I am a Tax-Filer and my name is appearing on Active Taxpayer List issued by FBR; living in rented premises, can I update my CNIC in KE’s system to become eligible for Advance Income Tax exemption?
If you live in rented premises and your current or permanent residential address on the CNIC matches the billing address mentioned on the KE Bill, then upload the scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
along with your KE customer account details to update the User details (name and CNIC) on KE bill.
Q 6. What if my property is in the name of a family member?
If you are an owner but the property documents are not in your name or the property is in the name of another family member, KE can update the User section of the of the electricity bill with your name and CNIC details only if your KE billing address matches the address mentioned on your CNIC. Please upload a scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
along with your KE customer account details.
Q 7. What if I was unable to change my KE account name in time and was thus charged an Advanced Income Tax in my electricity bill (domestic consumer), is there any way to reverse this?
In case you have been charged Advanced Income Tax on your electricity consumption, under Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001, then you may be able to claim adjustment/refund from FBR through filing of income tax return.
Q 8. In case I have been charged Advance Income Tax on my electricity bill erroneously, what should I do?
In case you feel that the Advance Income Tax has been charged erroneously on your electricity bill (for domestic consumers) despite updated CNIC details and inclusion in the FBR’s Active Taxpayer List, please immediately visit your closest Customer Care Centre for correction of the bill. Alternatively you may write to us at
tariff.helpdesk@ke.com.pk
. We will aim to rectify any mistake within 10 working days.
Q 9. How will I know whether I have been charged the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax on electricity consumption, under Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001?
The charging of 7.5% Advanced Income tax on electricity consumption is duly mentioned as a separate line item in your electricity bill. Please see the image below as an example:
Q 10. What if the temporary or permanent address on my CNIC does not match the address on my KE bill?
The temporary or permanent address on your CNIC must match the address mentioned on your KE bill for your user account details to be updated and for you to be eligible for the advanced income tax exemption. You can conveniently update the temporary address on your CNIC in the NADRA system via a simple process requiring nothing more than giving the temporary address as the card delivery point. This can be done both online or via a visit to a NADRA service centre.
Q 11. In case of a consumer living in rented premises will the tenancy agreement be required?
No, KE does not require your tenancy agreement; your Computerised National Identity Card (CNIC) will suffice as long as the temporary or permanent address on the card matches the KE billing address. Incase your CNIC address does not match KE records then click
HERE
.
Q 12. How will KE ensure that the customer is an Active Tax Filer?
KE accesses the Active Taxpayer List (ATL) from the FBR website and uses the FBR data to validate the filing status of its customers.
Q 13. Is the Advance Tax applicable on Irregular Bills or Instalments as well?
The Advanced Income Tax will only be charged on Electricity Consumption. Thus it is not applicable on Irregular Bills. However it will be applicable on any instalments.
Q 14. I live with my parents/family member and the property is in their name. However, I pay the utility bills, will I need to get the owners name changed so I can avail the benefit?
If your KE billing address matches the address mentioned on your CNIC, all you need to do is upload a scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
or visit your nearest Customer Care Centre.
Q 15. Is this Advanced Income Tax also applicable on places of worship?
Places of worship will not be charged Advanced Income Tax under the current directive.
Q 16. If one consumer has 2 or more meters, is this threshold applicable on a single meter or collectively on all metres?
The 7.5% Advanced Income Tax applied by the Government of Pakistan will be charged only if the Current Electricity Bill of an individual meter is PKR 25,000 or above. Thus if you have two metres and neither individually approaches this threshold, then the Advanced Tax will not be applicable on you. Similarly if you have more than one metre and both individually have a monthly bill of PKR 25,000 or more then Advanced Income Tax will be charged on both accounts.
Q 17. What if I own the property however the KE account is in the name of the previous owner?
In this case, you can easily update your KE Account details by appling for a Change of Name process. Click
HERE
to learn more about how you can do this and what documents are required.
Q 18. Incase I am retired or a pensioneror or tax-filing is not applicable for me, is there any exemption from Advanced Income Tax?
Per the Government of Pakistan direction, the Advanced Income Tax is applicable on all customers whose monthly electricity bill is PKR 25,000 or above. This amount may be however claimed from the FBR during an Annual Tax Filing process. To learn more, please visit the FBR website or email:
helpline@fbr.gov.pk
/
www.fbr.gov.pk
Q 19. I live with my parents, hence am neither the owner of the house nor the tenant. What option should I select in the Customer Updation form?
Please select Owner on the Customer Updation Form.
Q 20. Incase of rented premises, whose CNIC will be registered: the owner’s or the tenant’s? OR What if the tenant is filer but the landlord is not a filer. Can tenants update their details on the electricity bill in order to be eligible for an exemption from the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax?
Both the tenant or the owner can singly or jointly update their CNIC’s against the KE account. In the former, the User details will be updated, while in the latter case, the ownership details will be updated. In both cases the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax may be exempted.
Q 21. Will the Advanced Income Tax be applicable on the common meters used for appartments’ lifts, water pumps and corridor lighting etc.?
We have written to the FBR for clarity on this matter and will update this space with their response.
Q 22. How will I know that my details have been updated on the system?
Customers whose details have been updated in the KE system shall receive an auto-generated SMS confirming the update. In addition their CNIC shall be printed on the next bill that they receive.
Q 23. Incase there are mulltiple owners of a house, will all the owners have to respectively update their CNIC details in the KE system or will anyone owner’s CNIC be sufficient?
KE requires only ONE owner / user details to be updated against each meter.
Q 24. If a premise has more than one meter, can all the connections be registered against one resident who is a filer?
Yes. If the resident is a tax-filer and the permanent or temporary addresses on his CNIC match the address printed on the KE electricity bill.
Q 25. How will I get my Advance Tax Deduction certificate?
Easily get this via a visit to your nearest IBC or download it from the convenience of your home via
KE WhatsApp
or
KE Live App
. Alternately call 118 and request for your Advance Tax Certificate.
Q 26. What if I do not receive a K-Electric bill as my housing society bills me directly? OR What if I live in Bahria Town where KE does not supply directly?
In cases where KE does not supply customers directly, please directly contact your respective society’s helpdesk or administration for more clarity.
Q 27. Can I also get my name removed as a tenant from the residence in case I move out later?
Yes you can update your details as a Tenant in another premises and have them removed from your current premises when you move out.
Q 28. Should customers’ whose bills are less than PKR 25000 also update their CNIC details with KE?
While customers whose monthly electricity bills are less than PKR 25,000 are exempted under the Advanced Income Tax directive, we do encourage all customers to update their details in the KE records and ensure they are validated on a regular basis. This will not only enable us to serve you better by having your valid credentials on hand with us, it will also enable you to avail Advanced Income Tax exemption in case of any unexpected increase in future consumption at your end.
Q 29. I am a tenant at one premises and my family is a tenant at another location. However I pay the electricity bills for both locations. Can my details be updated as a user on the electricity bills for both locations?
As a tenant, on order to be eligible for Advanced Income Tax exemption, the Permanent and/or Temporary address on your CNIC must match the addresses mentioned on the KE Bills that you pay. At present your NADRA CNIC is limited to only one temporary address option, thus you can only be eligible for Advanced Income Tax exemption against a single premises.
Q 30. If a customer owns multiple properties, can only one address be updated against their CNIC?
Home owners can register their CNIC details against more than one properties as long as all of them are in the same name as printed on the CNIC. If they are currently not in your name, you can easily update your ownership details in our records by applying for a Change of Name process. Learn more about the process
HERE
.
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT)
Q 1. What is Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) and why is it applied on KE bill?
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) is applied by Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) and is applicable on all electricity connections in Karachi, excluding cantonment areas from August 2024 onwards. All collected tax is deposited with KMC. This tax is applied per notification issued by the Government of Sindh under Sections 96, 100, and 138 of the Sindh Local Government Act 2013 and the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation [Collection of Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes] Rules 2022. Utility Companies like KE solely acts as a collection agent. Rates applicable on customers are as follow.
S. #
Type
Category
Rs.
1
Residential
Up to 50 Units
0 Exempted
51-100 Units
0
101-200 Units
20
201-300 Units
40
301-400 Units
100
401-500 Units
125
501-600 Units
150
601-700 Units
175
700 Units and Above
300
2
General
All Categories
300
3
Commercial
All Categories
750
4
Industrial
All Categories
750
The KMC Resolution dated 11th June 2024 bearing reference no. 51 is attached below:
Q 2. From whom is this tax being collected?
This tax is applicable on all consumers of KE across Karachi except cantonment areas of the city. Parts of KE’s licensed territory beyond Karachi’s jurisdiction i.e. Hub , Uthal and Gharo are also exempted from this tax.
Q 3. Which customer is exempted from MUCT tax?
Agriculture, Street Lights, Bulk Supply consumers are exempted.
Agriculture:
Consumers predominantly engaged in agriculture activities by using land for the production or raising of crops, poultry, or livestock.
Streetlight:
supply for the purpose of illuminating public lamps.
Bulk Supply:
Supply given at one point for self-consumption not selling any other consumer such as residential, commercial, tube-well and others.
Q 4. When will tax be applicable?
MUCT will be applicable on the bills of August 2024 and onward.
Q 5. What is MUCT tax used for?
The MUCT charges are collected to fund municipal services and infrastructure development in Karachi. The revenue generated from these charges will be used by the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) to improve and maintain essential public services.
Q 6. Under what law KE is collecting these charges/tax?
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) has been imposed and collected in pursuance with the KMC resolution dated 11th June 2024 and under Section[s] 96, 100 and 138 of the Local Government Act 2013, and Karachi Metropolitan Corporation [Collection of Municipality Utility Charges and Taxes] Rules 2022 as notified by the Government of Sindh.
Q 7. Where do I redirect my queries related to MUCT tax?
For any queries related to MUCT tax please contact KMC’s helpline 1339 or visit their website
kmc.gos.pk
Q 8. If MUCT is erroneously charged on my bill how do I get it rectified?
For any correction in KE bills with respect to MUCT including jurisdiction, applicable rates, etc. the consumer may approach the relevant Customer Care Centre of KE with evidence for the purpose of such correction (Consumer must provide any relevant document like tax challan, allotment letter, mutation, lease, etc.) to prove that they don’t fall under KMC jurisdiction. If applicable the amount will be adjusted in upcoming month’s bill. Please note that the address on the invoice of the relevant document should match the address on KE bill.
Q 9. Have the MUCT rates been revised? What is the new rate?
Yes, effective
July 1st, 2025
, the
Municipal Utility Charges & Taxes (MUCT)
have been revised for Commercial & Industrial Customers. The rate has increased from
PKR 400 to PKR 750
for industrial & commercial customers.
For any MUCT-related queries, please contact
KMC’s helpline 1339
or visit
kmc.gos.pk
.
Security Deposit
What is ‘sanctioned load’?
The load in kilowatts sanctioned by KE.
Late Payment Surcharges (LPS)
Q 1. What is Late Payment Surcharge (LPS)?
A Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is a fee imposed when a bill or payment is not settled by its due date. This acts as a penalty for overdue payments, designed to encourage timely payments. For example, if a customer fails to pay their utility bill on time, a percentage of the amount billed excluding taxes and duties etc is charged as LPS. The rates for LPS are determined by NEPRA and is uniform across Pakistan.
Q 2. What is the new Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) rate?
As per SRO 1035, new LPS rates imposes:
A 5% surcharge will be applied on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties if full payment is made within 3 days after the due date
A 10% surcharge will be applied on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties if full payment is made 4 days or more after the due date
Q 3. When does the new LPS structure apply?
The new LPS is effective from October 1, 2024.
Q 4. How is the Late Payment Surcharge calculated?
The Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is calculated as a percentage of the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
If a customer pays within 3 days after the due date, they will be charged a Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) of 5% on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
If a customer pays after 3 days of the due date, they will be charged a Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) of 10% on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
For example, if the current electricity charges are Rs. 10,000:
Paying within 3 days after the due date would result in an LPS of Rs. 500
Paying after 3 days would result in an LPS of Rs. 1,000
Q 5. Can I avoid the LPS?
Yes, you can avoid the LPS by ensuring that your bill is paid in full before or on the due date.
Q 6. What happens if I consistently pay late?
Consistently paying your bills late will result in a late payment surcharge being added to your payable amount each month.
Q 7. How can I ensure I avoid late payments?
You can avoid late payments by paying your bills on time by following these tips:
Use online payment methods from the comfort of your home
Keep track of bill due dates using the KE Live app
Subscribe to e-bills to receive email updates for upcoming payments
DET Billing
Why is the consumer charged on estimated/DET mode?
There are different scenarios under which the consumer can be charged estimated billing, including:
Consumption of electricity while the line is disconnected
Faulty meter
Theft of electricity
Bill related Queries
Q 1. What are the slab rates for residential consumers?
You can view the tariff rates for Residential Consumers
HERE
.
Q 2. What is a supplementary bill? Why is it charged?
Bills in addition to the monthly (regular) bill are called supplementary bills. These are charged to consumers for the following reasons:
Units billed on account for consuming electricity through illegal means
For any prior period, adjustments in accordance with the criteria specified in CSM for eg. Meter slowness etc.
For the transition period when the tariff is changed from one category to another
Reconnection / Disconnection
Q 1(a). When is my line disconnected?
A premises is liable to be disconnected if the consumer is a defaulter in making payments on the energy consumption charges bill(s), or if he is using the electric connection for a purpose other than that for which it was sanctioned, or if he has extended his load beyond the sanctioned load even after a receipt of a notice in this respect from KE. When a consumer defaults in payment of his electricity bills for two months, he becomes eligible for disconnection. The KE team disconnects the consumer’s line tlll payment of the bill.
Q 1(b). Under what circumstances will electricity supplies to the consumer premises gets disconnected?
Default
Illegal utilisation of excess load
Theft
Using the electric connection for a purpose other than for which it was sanctioned
Q 2. What are the reconnection (RC) charges?
There are no reconnection (RC) charges applicable.
Load-Shed related Queries
Q 1. I am facing increased loadshedding; may I know why?
K-Electric has announced a revised load-shed plan to manage the ongoing power shortfall in the city. Accordingly, previously exempted residential areas may experience up to 3 hours of load-shed. This measure will enable us to reduce load shed by 1 to 2 hours in previously nonexempt areas. Stay updated with the developing situation by following @KelectricPK on Twitter.
Q 2. I pay my bill in full, why am I being subjected to loadshed?
While consumer bills are generated against electricity consumed, loadshed is based on the proportion of losses on a feeder level, which are determined on the basis of theft of electricity and non-payment of bills. This is in line with the Government of Pakistan’s National Power Policy and applicable across the country.
Q 3. I live in a loadshed exempt area, why is there a change in the status?
The revised loadshed schedule is being implemented due to various factors including rising demand of electricity and temperatures. However this increase in duration of loadshed is a temporary measure. We will continue to keep consumers updated of the changes through our regular channels.
Q 4. What is KE doing to mitigate the situation?
KE is engaged with all relevant stakeholders for the urgent release of legitimate dues which are critical to continue purchase of fuel. At the same time, KE is making all endeavors to secure cheaper indigenous fuel.
Q 5. What is the current load shed regime and where can I get more information about it?
The updated schedule has been uploaded on KE’s website
Q 6. Why am I not getting this information in advance?
Customers registered via KE’s 8119 service are being informed of this change through advance SMS. To register yourself for SMS updates, type ‘REG’, followed by a space, followed by your 13-digit account number and send it to 8119
Q 7. Are there any other ways to get information?
The schedule is available on our website. It can also be accessed via the KE Live App, KE’s WhatsApp Self-Service Portal, Social Media, and Call center 118
Q 8. Why do some areas experience load shed while others do not?
K-Electric has a well thought out and considerate strategy for the citizens of Karachi. K-Electric’s Segmented Load shed (SLS) policy divides feeders based on their loss profile which is determined by the T&D losses and recovery ratios in any particular area. High Loss areas in Karachi face up to 7.5 hours of load shedding (when energy demand is at its peak) whereas low loss areas face no load shedding whatsoever. The success of the scheme is clear from the fact that there has been a shift of several areas from high loss to low loss. It is also relevant to point out that at the time when K-Electric’s SLS scheme was launched in 2009-10, there was unscheduled load shed across the board but due to consistent approach and application of the scheme across the city without any discrimination, over 75% of the feeders are exempted from load shed, which was only 23% in the year 2009. Moreover, there is a growing acceptance that stealing of electricity and illegal abstraction of electricity is a menace which affects all consumers of Karachi equally. The SLS scheme has been so successful in Karachi, in terms of improving financial viability and consumer behavior that Ex-WAPDA DISCOs have also adopted this model, and the Ministry of Energy has formally approved it as part of the National Power Policy. 2013. Find the National Power Policy 2013
here
. KE conducts a quarterly review process wherein it evaluates the loss of each area and profiles it as high, medium, or low loss, respectively.
K-Electric’s segmented load-shed policy was also acknowledged and lauded at several forums like State Bank of Pakistan and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Annual Preventative Maintenance
Q 1. What does “Annual Preventative Maintenance” mean?
“Annual Preventative Maintenance” means periodic preventive maintenance regularly done to power infrastructure in order to ensure optimized outputs. This is carried out because power infrastructure, like any other equipment, requires periodic maintenance.
Q 2. How will I be informed if this work is being performed in my area?
All KE customers registered on 8119 will receive timely intimations about upcoming annual preventative maintenance activities in their area. Additionally, customers can get in touch with KE call centers at 118 or through SMS to 8119 as well as via social media forums or through the KE Live app in case of any complaints or queries.
Q 3. How can I register for 8119 SMS?
There are two ways to register for the SMS service:
Register online; simply
click here
and submit your 13 digit A/C # and mobile number.
Register via SMS; type REG(space)[your 13 digit A/C #] and send this SMS to 8119.
Shortly after submitting your request, you will receive a welcome note that confirms your registration with the K-Electric mobile service.
Q 4. Why does KE choose to pursue this activity during the winter months?
KE and power utilities across the country routinely plan their annual maintenance during the winter months since there is less demand on the system, and planned shutdowns are relatively easier for customers to bear, because of the cooler weather.
Q 5. Why are these Annual Preventive Maintenance activities carried out?
Annual preventive maintenance shutdowns are periodically carried out in various parts of Karachi constantly to make sure the system is working smoothly. Customers of respective areas are given prior intimation via SMS. The power utility also continuously conducts system upgrades across the network such as the replacement of traditional cables with theft and kunda resistant Aerial Bundled Cable (ABC). These shutdowns and preventive maintenances are essential to ensure the system continues to operate at an optimum level.
New Connection
What is the process for new connections?
Please refer to our
New Connection section
to apply for a new connection.
Net Metering
Click here for Net Metering FAQs.
Click here for Net Metering FAQs.
Prosumer Regulations 2026
Q1. What are the new Prosumer Regulations 2026?
As per S.R.O. 251(I)/2026 & S.R.O. 547(I)/2026, issued by NEPRA, the Prosumer Regulations 2026 introduce a new framework for customers who generate electricity using solar, wind, or biogas for their own use and share surplus electricity with the grid.
These regulations replace the earlier Net Metering Regulations 2015 for new distributed generators with Net Billing, effective 9
th
February 2026 whereas for existing distributed generators, the Net Metering Regulations (2015) shall remain in effect provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q2. What is a “prosumer”?
Prosumer is a customer that has a system for generating electricity through renewable sources (such as solar, wind, or biogas) and is connected to the grid (DISCOs).
For e.g. If you have solar panels, use electricity at your home or business, and send surplus electricity back to the grid, you are a prosumer.
Q3. Can I still install Solar at my home or business under the new regulations?
Yes. Customers can continue to install solar, wind, or biogas systems.
However, all new installations are now processed under the Prosumer Regulations 2026.
Q4. Is Net Metering still available for new solar customers in Pakistan?
Net Metering has been replaced with Net billing under the NEPRA Prosumer Regulations, 2026, effective 9
th
February 2026. Only existing customers continue net metering until agreement expiry provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q5. What is the difference between Net Metering (before) and the Net Billing system (now)?
Net Metering has been replaced with Net billing under the NEPRA Prosumer Regulations, 2026, effective 9
th
February 2026. Only existing customers continue net metering until agreement expiry provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q6. How will my electricity bill be calculated if I install solar under the prosumer system?
This is what your bill will look like under the prosumer system:
For a residential ToU customer with the consumption (import) of 300 units from the grid and production (export) of 400 units from solar
Q7. What does “National Average Energy Purchase Price” mean for a solar customer?
The National Average Energy Purchase Price is the energy component only of the overall cost at which electricity is purchased by Distribution Companies across Pakistan.
Q8. Will installing solar still help me save money under the new Prosumer Regulations?
Yes. Solar remains beneficial. The biggest savings come from using your own solar electricity during the day. Sending extra electricity to the grid is an added benefit.
Q9. What happens if my solar system generates more electricity than I consume?
If the value of electricity you send to the grid is higher than value of electricity you consume from the grid:
The amount may be adjusted in your next bills, or
Paid to you on a quarterly basis.
Q10. Do I need approval from NEPRA to install and operate a solar system as a prosumer?
For existing consumers under current agreement, no approval is required from NEPRA till the expiry of contract. Upon expiry, concurrence is mandatory.
For prosumers registered under the instant regulations, NEPRA’s concurrence is mandatory once your utility approves your system. A one‑time fee of Rs. 1,000 per kW is applicable.
Q11. How does the Prosumers Regulations 2026 affect my existing net metering license?
If you already have a valid agreement under 2015 regulations:
Your agreement and the net-metering mechanism previously applied will continue until expiry. However,
In case of any material modification like enhancement in system capacity, you will be shifted to Prosumer Regulations 2026.
Upon expiry of the current agreement, the amount of excess electricity sold to the grid shall be calculated based on National Average Energy Purchase Price (NAEPP).
Q12. Can the electricity utility disconnect my solar system, and under what situations?
The utility may temporarily limit the operations and/or disconnect the system in the event of technical faults, routine maintenance or repairs to its distribution systems, upon termination of agreement and where the prosumer’s facility is found non-compliant with the Prosumer Regulations, 2026.
Q13. Can I sell the electricity generated from my solar system to someone other than the utility?
No. Electricity generated by your system can only be shared with your utility, not with other customers.
Q14. What if I don’t start generation within 6 months of NEPRA concurrence?
If you fail to continue generation within 6 months of grant of concurrence, you must obtain fresh concurrence.
Q15. Is there a limit on how much solar can be connected to my local transformer?
If distributed generation capacity connected to a particular transformer reaches 80% of its rated capacity, the Distribution Company shall not entertain new applications for that transformer.
However, the prosumer may do so by paying for the cost to be incurred by Distribution Companies for distribution system improvements required solely for the interconnection of the distributed generation facility.
Q16. Is any fee applicable for solar systems under the amended Prosumer Regulations 2026 ?
As per
S.R.O. 709(I)/2026
, an application for concurrence shall be accompanied with following fee, paid in favor of NEPRA:
S.no
DG Facility Size
Applicable Fee
1
25kW or below
Nil
2
Above 25kW
PKR 1,000 per kW
(as one-time fee paid in favor of NEPRA)
Online Payment
Q1. Are any payment gateways integrated with the KE Website and KE Live App?
Yes, the HBLPay Payment Gateway handles routing of all online transactions from the KE website to the Visa/MasterCard networks with state-of-the-art solution, utilizing the 3D-Secure platform for added security in addition to the integrated fraud management tool to help protect from internet hacking and fraud attempts. It supports VISA & MasterCard enabled debit and credit cards for national as well as international payments.
Q2. What is 3D Secure?
3D Secure means your card is safe to be used for online transactions. 3D Secure requires a password or code called as One Time Password (OTP) generated when completing an online transaction. The OTP is sent on email and/or SMS and needs to be entered at the e-commerce website to authenticate the transaction.
Q3. Can local and international card holders use this service?
Yes, a cardholder can use any Visa or MasterCard issued by any bank, locally or internationally, for making online KE bill payments on KE website and KE Live App.
Q4. How can a cardholder make the KE bill payment through KE website or KE Live App?
A cardholder will visit the KE website page or login to KE Live App which offers online KE bill payment acceptance feature and can make their payment online through Credit/Debit cards. A cardholder must verify OTP along with the rest of the Credit/Debit card details before making a bill payment. Click here to make a quick and secured e-bill payment round the clock on the KE website using your Debit or Credit Card.
Q5. How can a payment be made via Credit/Debit Cards on the KE Website or KE Live App?
Cardholder must have sufficient limit of funds the issued Credit/Debit card.
On the duplicate bill page select “Payment Method”.
Enter complete cardholder details. Full Name, Email, Mobile Number, Card number, CVV, Card Expiry Date, input OTP received on the registered mobile number or email.
Verify & Pay Verify payment details thoroughly. Click “Confirm and Pay” to complete the transaction.
Q6. What is the issue when the payment is not able to proceed on KE Website or KE Live App?
Cardholder may have entered incomplete or incorrect details. Cardholder must ensure that the information provided for the transaction must be accurate and please always check full details listed in the previous FAQ. all details must be correctly entered before proceeding to pay.
Q7. How will the user be informed of the successful payment of the bill?
Each transaction is authorized through the Payment gateway and returned with an approved/ declined status. If the transaction is successful, the page will show an ‘Accept’ response. User will also receive a confirmation SMS or email on registered device that the payment has been received.
Q8. What happens if the transaction is not successful?
If transaction is declined the page will show a ‘Reject’ response. Once the transaction fails, the amount will automatically be refunded, the cardholder can check this their Credit/Debit card statement. Customer must contact respective Bank’s Helpline number for any queries related to transaction reversal status and technical complaints.
Q9. How can the bill payment transaction be cancelled?
User can cancel the transaction before inputting card details or OTP. User will not be able to cancel payment once payment is processed successfully. Furthermore, amount cannot be reversed once it is submitted for processing. There is no refund/return policy for KE bill payments.
Q10. Do any other charges apply in Credit/Debit card payments?
Currently, there are no charges on Credit/Debit card payments on the KE website. In future, if any value-added service (VAS) charges are applied, as convenience fee by payment processor, it will add up in the final amount on the checkout page after user enters details. Please note, KE does not charge any fees or charges over the Gross Amount Payable and any amount that might appear as additional deduction is the VAS charges for processing the transaction.
Q11. Can all KE customers use Credit/Debit card payments service?
KE residential consumers can make their full KE bill payment online on KE website or KE Live App through Credit/Debit card payment option.
Q12. If customers use this service on due date, will it be timely updated in system to avoid any inconvenience?
All successful payments authorized through the Payment Gateway are logged in real-time and successful payments gets updated in KE system subsequently. The service is also available for after due date bill payments, with the respective late payment surcharge added.
Q13. Can customers pay their KE bill in instalments through Credit/Debit card payment service?
No, the Credit/Debit card payment service is not available for partial or instalment bill payments.
Q14. Is it safe to pay with Credit/Debit card on the KE Website or KE Live App?
Fraud detection and prevention are very important to us. KE does not have the direct access to the cardholder data. Payment page is hosted by the Payment Gateway service provider, i.e. HBLPay. However, HBLPay has taken necessary steps to ensure that all information related to cardholder and card transaction are stored in secure and encrypted format. Online payments are monitored continuously for suspicious activity and some transactions are verified manually if HBLPay feels that it is not authorized by the owner of the card.
Q15. Do users need to save card details on the KE website?
No, users will never be asked to store their card details on the KE website. Also, customers do not have to sign up from any login account before making a payment transaction on the KE website. Additional measures such as asking for CVV and OTP allow for added security.
Q16. What is the other Digital Payment Option enabled for bill payment on the KE website?
NIFTePAY digital payment platform is enabled on KE Website to provide Pay via Account service to the customers to pay their bills using the Bank Transfer facility.
Q17. What is Pay via Account?
It is account based payments refer to use bank account number along with key authentication information to securely make a digital payment which is settled on real-time basis. Pay via Account facilitates payments through a website for a transaction without usage of cards.
Q18. How can a payment be made through Pay via Account on the KE Website?
Consumer will visit KE Website or App, view bill and for payment will select Pay Now tab to proceed for Payment options – Pay via Account Customer will be diverted to NIFT ePay Payment Gateway where customer will provide details for making transaction via select Bank Account Transaction will be routed through the Payment Gateway’s secure page to the customer’s bank for authorization. After entering details and OTP/PIN, transaction will be verified, account will be debit upon successful transaction and details will be sent to the customer on his registered mobile number/email by the bank. The transaction response (successful or unsuccessful) will be shown through payment gateway to the customer.
Q19. Do any other charges apply in Account based payments?
Currently, this free of cost service is for all KE Consumers. There will be no additional Bank Charges to avail this facility. In future, if any value-added service (VAS) charges are applied, as convenience fee by the bank or payment processor, it will add up in the final amount on the checkout page after user enters details. Please note, KE does not charge any fees or charges over the Gross Amount Payable and any amount that might appear as additional deduction is the VAS charges for processing the transaction.
Q20. Disclaimer
By clicking on the “Pay” button on KE website and KE Live App, customer agree that he/she will be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Bill Payment through Credit Card/Debit Card and through Pay via Bank Account.
Q21. What are the Digital Banking Channels for Online Bill Payment?
KE in partnership with the country’s leading banks, offer consumers the convenience of paying bills 24/7 through their Online Banking Services through Mobile or Internet banking by using 13-digit KE Bill Account Number. Please click
here
to view the list of Banks offering digital bill payment services through Internet and Mobile Banking.
Q22. What are the requirements for Bill Payment through Digital Banking Channel?
Customers must register for internet and/or mobile banking by requesting their respective bank. Customers should always follow bank’s guideline for using digital banking service secure and must not share any personal information like password, pin code, through fake email, SMS, or call. In case of any suspicious activity, customer must lodge complaint at their respective bank’s helpline.
Advance Payments
Q 1. Is there a way where I can make an advance payment for my electricity bill?
Yes, currently KE offers the facility of making an advance bill payment to its Star Customers only. (Customer who have regularly paid their electricity bills for 11/12 months). You may call 118 or email
Customer.care@ke.com.pk
to request for an advance payment bill.
Q 2. What is the eligibility criteria to apply for an advanced bill?
Eligibility criteria for getting an advance payment bill is as follow:
You must be a Star Customer. (Customer who have regularly paid their electricity bills for 11/12 months)
Advance payment billing amount > last current bill amount.
No outstanding balance at the time of advance bill generation.
You must apply for an advance bill at least 7 days prior to the bill generation date. You can check your bill generation date on the top right of your bill.
Q 3. How can I make an advance bill payment?
Call 118 or email
Customer.care@ke.com.pk
to apply for an advance payment, our customer care representative will get in touch with you within 24hrs & guide you through the eligibility criteria, if you’re an eligible customer, (refer to FAQ2 to see eligibility criteria) your advance bill will be generated and shared with you via Email/WhatsApp.
Q 4. Would I still receive a bill on my actual bill generation date OR If I have paid more/less than the expected bill amount how will the remaining amount be adjusted?
yes, you shall receive your bill as per your actual bill generation date but with an adjustment which you can find at the back of your bill. If the advance paid is greater than the billed amount, then you will receive a bill which shall state “Payment not required” and the additional amount will be adjusted in your next bill.
If the advance paid is less than the billed amount, you must pay the additional amount.
Q 5. How soon will my payment against the advance bill be updated in bank records?
The advance payment bill will be updated in banks within 24 to 48 hours.
Q 6. What is the available mode of payments?
Consumers can pay their bills through two options according to their convenience:
By visiting nearest bank.
Via Internet Banking (Meezan/Askari)
E-Billing
Q1. What is e-billing?
Ebilling, or electronic billing, refers to the process of sending and receiving bills in an electronic/digital format, rather than in a physical paper form. Benefits of ebilling include faster payment processing, easier record keeping, and reduced environmental impact. Customers can apply for ebilling
HERE
and can receive their bills every month on their registered email address. In addition, ebills may also be downloaded via KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
, and KE WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
Q2. How do I sign up for ebilling?
Sign up for ebilling with KE today and experience the convenience of receiving and paying your bills electronically. You can sign up on KE’s website by clicking on
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
, or WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, you can also subscribe through KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
or simply email us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. Take the first step towards a paperless future with KE’s ebilling service.
Q3. How will I receive my ebills?
When you subscribe for ebilling, you will be asked to provide an email address where you would like to receive your ebill. Each month, your KE bill will be emailed to this registered email address. In addition, you can conveniently download up to 6-months of ebilling history via KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
, KE WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, and KE Website
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
whenever you want, wherever you want.
Q4. Are ebills secure?
Ebills are generally considered to be more secure than paper bills, as they are typically encrypted and sent over secure networks to your password-protected email address.
Q5. Why should I sign up for ebill?
When you make the shift to a paper-free world of billing, you benefit from:
Convenience of receiving your bill whenever and wherever you are
Ease of making your digital payments through e-links to digital platforms
Never losing your bill in the mail
Receiving your bill on time, every time
Never again worrying about filing and storing paper bills
Contributing to environmental sustainability by conserving trees and water, and cutting CO2 emissions and landfill waste.
Q6. Can I still receive a paper bill if I sign up for ebilling?
When you subscribe to ebilling, you agree to switch your medium of bill receipt from physical paper to electronic delivery via email. If ebilling does not work out for you, you can easily revert to paper billing by sending an email on
customer.care@ke.com.pk
Q7. What if I cannot find my ebill in my email inbox? What if I accidentally deleted my ebill? Is there any other way to retrieve my ebill?
Any time you want, you can easily download copies of your ebills through the KE website
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
, WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
or through our SMS service. Please do keep your KE account number handy when using these services. Your 6 months billing record is maintained at all these platforms. Should you require an older statement, please visit your nearest IBC or call us at 118.
Q8. Can I register more than 1 email address? OR I would like other family members to also be informed when the bill is generated.
You can register multiple email addresses against your KE account. Email us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
, the other email IDs you would like to register for ebilling with subject “REGISTER ADDITIONAL E-BILLING ID”. The registration process may take up to 02 days. ebills will be dispatched to additional registered email IDs from the next billing cycles.
Q9. I have more than one email address subscribed to ebilling; on which email will I receive the bill?
If you have multiple email addresses registered against your Account, your monthly bill will be sent to all registered email addresses.
Q10. What if I want to maintain a physical record of my bills?
If you are a subscriber to ebilling, you can still maintain a separate record of your KE bills by either printing out the ones that you need physically or saving bill copies to other storage devices i.e. hard drives.
Q11. What if I need historical electricity ebills?
Your monthly KE E-bills will be saved in your email inbox for years and can easily be extracted by entering KE’s email ID (noreply@billingke.com.pk ) in the email search bar. Download and save these bills to any external devices. 6 months billing record can also easily be downloaded from the history via KE Live App https://onelink.to/kelive, KE WhatsApp https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi , and KE Website https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/ whenever you want. Should you require an older statement, please visit your nearest IBC or call us at 118.
Q12. If I pay my bill through Bank/postal office can I still subscribe for ebilling?
If you pay your KE bills through physical channels like Bank/Postal Office, you can still subscribe to ebilling. Ebills can be downloaded and printed when required and all physical channels like Bank Branches/Postal Office will accept these copies. However, we strongly recommend that you shift to any of these convenient digital payment platforms
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/billls-and-e-payments/
where you can pay your bill with just a few clicks from the comfort of your home and save time and commute costs.
Q13. Is ebill accepted on all Payment platforms?
As ebill subscriber, you can pay your KE bills through any physical or digital channel. Check out the extensive list of our payment partners
Pay online by entering your KE Account Number only. Your most-recent billing amount due will be auto-updated in the banking system. If you want to pay using digital wallets like Easy Paisa, Jazz Cash, or Upaisa, you can do so through their digital apps, which allow you to make digital payments without the need for a physical copy of the bill. However, if you prefer to make payments in person, you may need to bring a paper bill with you when you visit a physical shop. Pay your KE bill physically at Bank branches, Postal Offices, and shops via (Easy Paisa or Jazz Cash) by printing the ebill and visiting the physical channel with the printed bill and the payment amount.
Q14. What if I miss the ebill email?
Don’t worry if you happen to miss KE’s ebill email. We will supplement the email with SMS and call reminders to ensure that you stay on top of your bill payments. If for some reason you are unable to find your ebill email or if it has been deleted, you can easily download copies of your ebills via KE Live App https://onelink.to/kelive, KE WhatsApp https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi , and KE Website https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/ and our SMS service. Please do keep your KE account number handy when using these services.
Q15. What if I pay my bill through Easy paisa/Jazz cash, can I still subscribe to ebilling?
You can subscribe to ebilling regardless of your payment platform. As long as you pay the bill through their mobile app, physical copy of the bill is not required. If you opt to pay in-person at a mobile shop, you must carry a printed copy of the bill as well.
Q16. Ebilling is not working out for me right now, how can I unsubscribe?
You can unsubscribe from ebilling at any time by writing to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. We hope you will consider re-subscribing to ebilling when it is more convenient for you.
Q17. I live in rented premises, can I subscribe for ebilling?
Yes, tenants can subscribe for ebilling and provide their property owners with evidence of monthly bill receipts and payments, by including their email IDs as an additional ebill recipient. You can register multiple email addresses against your KE ACCOUNT. Email
customer.care@ke.com.pk
the other email IDs you would like to register for e-billing with subject “REGISTER ADDITIONAL E-BILLING ID”. The registration process may take up to 02 days. e-bills will be dispatched to additional registered email IDs from the next billing cycles. You have the option to change or update your ebilling details every time you relocate by simply writing it to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
.
Q18. How can I change my ebilling details?
You can always get your registered email address or contract account changed by simply writing it to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
.
Q19. I receive an ebill but my staff has to physically pay the bill at a bank branch / physical payment platform.
Ebills can be downloaded and printed when required and all physical channels like Bank Branches/Postal Office will accept these copies. However, we strongly urge that you shift to any of these convenient digital payment platforms
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
where you can pay your bill with just a few clicks from the comfort of your home and save both time and commute costs.
Q20. If I am an e-bill subscriber and paying my bill digitally how will I get the proof of my payment?
KE has recently introduced a digital “Paid” stamp on KE bills that confirms that your electricity bill has been paid and allows customers to keep track of their payments, eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting. It also makes it easier for customers to transition to the convenience of e-billing.
Q21. How will this “Paid” stamp on e-bills benefit me?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid allowing you to:
Keep track of your payments
Eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting
Conveniently shift to e-billing (
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
)
Never worry about filing
Cut down your paper footprint and help save trees and water
Q22. For how many months can I view the digital stamp on my paid KE bills after they have been paid?
You can access your historic KE bills for up to 6 months from the KE Live App, KE WhatsApp and KE website. Any paid bills during this period will carry the relevant payment stamp.
Q23. When is the stamp placed after payment?
Once the payment is reflected on KE System, you will be able to view digital stamp against your KE bill through any digital channel from next day.
Q24. What if I have paid the bill after due date?
Stamp will be reflected against the month for which the bill has been paid regardless of whether the amount is paid within due date or after due date.
Q25. If my bill payments are on installment/scheme/advance/token, will my paid bill show the digital stamp?
Whether bill payments are on installments/schemes/advances/tokens, the relevant digital stamp will still be reflected against your KE bill subject to payment being received by KE.
Payment Stamp on E-bills
Q 1. What is this new “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid and allows customers to keep track of their payments, eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting. It also makes it easier for customers to transition to the convenience of e-billing. Learn more about e-billing
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
Q 2. How will this “Paid” stamp on e-bills benefit me?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid allowing you to:
Keep track of your payments
Eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting
Conveniently shift to e-billing (
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
)
and never worry about filing
Cut down your paper footprint and help save trees and water
Q 3. Why are their two different types of payment stamps on KE bills?
The type of digital stamp on the KE bill depends on the payment amount.
“Paid” stamp is Green and indicates that the exact bill amount for the month has been paid
“Payment Received” stamp is Blue and indicates that the payment received against the current bill may be different from the amount mentioned on the bill.
These stamps provide customers with a clear visual indicator of their bill status and payment history averting any confusion or disputes.
Q 4. What information is displayed on the stamp?
The stamp contains the:
Status: “Paid” or “Payment Received” respectively indicate whether the amount paid is the same or different from the amount mentioned on the bill
Amount Paid: The exact amount that was paid at the payment channel
Payment Date: The date that the payment was made to the payment channel
Payment ID details: Mentions the transaction ID against which the payment may be tracked
Q 5. Will a digital stamp be reflected on a bill even if payment is made through physical channels?
Regardless of the mode of payment, once payment is processed, the payment stamp will automatically be applied to the customer’s KE bill. You can confirm at any time by downloading the e-bill which carries the payment stamp from the KE website, WhatsApp, Live App, IVR or SMS.
Q 6. For how many months can I view the digital stamp on my paid KE bills after they have been paid?
You can access your historic KE bills for up to 6 months from the KE Live App, KE WhatsApp and KE website. Any paid bills during this period will carry the relevant payment stamp.
Q 7. When is the stamp placed after payment?
Once the payment is reflected on KE System, you will be able to view digital stamp against your KE bill through any digital channel from next day.
Q 8. What if I have paid the bill after due date?
Stamp will be reflected against the month for which the bill has been paid regardless of whether the amount is paid within due date or after due date.
Q 9. If my bill payments are on installment/scheme/advance/token, will my paid bill show the digital stamp?
Whether bill payments are on installments/schemes/advances/tokens, the relevant digital stamp will still be reflected against your KE bill subject to payment being received by KE.
Q 10. I have paid the bill but still digital stamp is not reflected against my bill?
It typically takes 2-3 days for respective payment platforms to share payment information with KE. Once payment is confirmed to KE, you should be able to view the digital stamp on your bill the next day.
Q 11. My stamp is not reflecting even after 3-4 days?
If your digital stamp is not reflecting on your bill even after 3-4 days, please contact KE’s customer service for support. Email us with the Subject “Cash Missing” to
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. We will ensure resolution of the issue.
Q 12. Is there any specific tariff/amount/cases on which digital stamp will not be reflected against paid bill?
Digital stamp will be reflected against all paid bills for each month irrespective of any tariff, amount, category or case.
Q 13. Why am I not seeing the Payment stamp on my e-bill?
It typically takes 2-3 days for respective payment platforms to share payment information with KE. Once payment is confirmed to KE, you should be able to view the digital stamp on your e-bill the next day. If your digital stamp is not reflecting on your e-bill even after 3-4 days, email to
customer.care@ke.com.pk
with the Subject “Cash Missing”. If your bill remained unpaid for 30 or more days after its issue date & the bill of next month is also generated, then the payment stamp will not appear against the previously unpaid bill.
WhatsApp
Q1. Why does KE have so many customer touchpoints? Why has KE added WhatsApp as a new 24/7 automated customer touchpoint?
We want to stay connected with our customers and make it easy for you to reach as whenever you need as conveniently as possible. Therefore, we offer a variety of conventional service platforms (Physical Customer Care Centres, contactless 118 Helpline and 8119 SMS) and 24/7 Digital touchpoints including
Facebook
,
Twitter
,
KE Live
and now
WhatsApp
. Since a large proportion of our customers actively use WhatsApp for their regular communication, this platform was a natural extension for KE’s Customer Care Services as it is not only rapidly growing but is also familiar and comfortable for our users.
Q2. How easy is it to access KE’s Customer Care Services through WhatsApp?
Accessing KE’s Customer Care Services through WhatsApp is as simple as: Scanning this QR Code
OR Saving
0348-0000118
to your contact list and WhatsApping us a “Hi”
Q3. What will it cost me to use KE’s WhatsApp self-service channel?
KE is offering the convenience of connecting via WhatsApp free-of-charge. However your mobile service provider may apply standard internet charges.
Q4. Can I add/link my KE account number to this WhatsApp solution?
If your contact details are registered with your KE account, then your account is already linked with KE’s WhatsApp solution. We will automatically display your registered account numbers for your next actions. In case your KE account details are not registered against your phone number, you will be prompted for your KE account number.
Q5. Along with my Duplicate Bill, what other KE services can I access via WhatsApp?
Now you can avail most of your commonly required services easily through WhatsApp.
Get your Duplicate Bill and get information regarding bill payment options.
Learn about your current Power Status and raise a complaint if needed.
Lodge a billing complaint without visiting the Customer Care Centre
View your load-shed schedule.
Get your Income Tax certificate.
Get guided about applying for a New connection.
Q6. Is there a tutorial for WhatsApp to help me understand how to use this service?
Q7. How many months duplicate bills can I download via WhatsApp?
You can download your last 6 months electricity bills via WhatsApp.
Q8. WhatsApp shows my Current Power Status as ‘ON’ but my house does not have power?
You may be facing an unreported outage. Please immediately raise a complaint by selecting option 1 so that we can dispatch our repair team and restore your supply as soon as possible.
Q9. Is this service available 24/7?
You can connect with us 24/7 on this platform as well as through our other digital touchpoints including
KE Live App
,
Facebook
,
Twitter
, and 8119 SMS.
Q10. Will I need to speak to a customer service agent via WhatsApp?
WhatsApp Customer Care Services are automated and extremely intuitive to use. They do not require any agent interaction. However should you feel the need, you can always easily connect with us at our 118 helpline.
Q11. Can I link more than one KE account via KE’s WhatsApp services?
You can download the electricity bill and avail services against an unlimited number of KE accounts via our WhatsApp service.
Q12. If I run into a technical issue with the WhatsApp service, who can I ask for help?
In case of any queries or if you need any help, please write to us at
whatsapp@ke.com.pk
KE’s Star Rewards
Q 1. What is KE’s Star Rewards?
KE Star Rewards is our way of recognizing and rewarding our loyal STAR customers. By consistently paying your KE bills on time, you become eligible for exclusive discounts and deals on food, leisure, travel, lifestyle, and essential services such as education and healthcare. Simply download the KE Live app here to start enjoying the benefits.
Q 2. What is a STAR customer?
KE customers who pay their bills consistently on time for at least one year are classified as our STAR customers.
Q 3. How do I become a STAR customer?
Simply continue paying your monthly bills on time, and you will become a STAR customer in no time.
Q 4. How do I become eligible for KE Star Rewards?
To qualify, you need to be a STAR customer by making 12 consecutive on-time payments for your KE bills. Your STAR status will be clearly indicated on your KE bill and in the KE Live app.
Q 5. Is there any cost to join KE Star Rewards?
No, joining KE Star Rewards is completely free! It is our way of thanking you for being a valued customer.
Q 6. How can I check if I am a STAR customer?
You can easily check your STAR status by reviewing your monthly KE bill or by visiting the KE Star Rewards tab in the KE Live app. Download the app here to find out more!
Q 7. What if I missed 1 or 2 payments? How long will it take to become a STAR customer again?
KE Star Rewards is exclusively for customers who consistently pay their KE bills on time. If you miss a payment, you’ll need to pay your next 12 KE bills on time to regain your Star Customer status. Stay on track to keep enjoying exclusive deals and discounts every month!
Q 8. What will happen to my STAR status if I pay a bill after the due date?
Your STAR status depends on timely bill payments. If you miss the due date, you can still maintain your status by paying before the next bill issue date.
Q 9. What are the terms and conditions for KE Star Rewards?
Here is what you need to know:
Pay all your KE bills on time for 12 consecutive months.
Access exclusive discounts from a variety of merchants through the KE Live app.
Offers under KE Star Rewards cannot be redeemed for cash.
KE Star Rewards offers are exclusive and can only be redeemed through the KE Live app.
Q 10. How can I redeem the discounts and offers in KE Star Rewards?
Just download the KE Live app here, tap on the “KE Star Rewards” tab, select your deal, and redeem it at the designated outlet.
Q 11. Why can’t I access the KE Star Rewards section on my KE Live app?
The KE Star Rewards tab is available exclusively for STAR customers. Keep paying your bills on time, and you will soon unlock access to all the great deals!
Q 12. If I am the one paying the bill in my house, can other members of my family use the discounts and offers?
Absolutely! Everyone in your household can enjoy the discounts and offers available through KE Star Rewards. They just need to have the KE Live app on their phone and enter the account number. However, once a deal is redeemed, it cannot be redeemed again by another user of the same account. But don’t worry—vouchers will refresh next month for everyone to enjoy!
Q 13. Is there a limit to how many people from one household can use the same utility bill to access the KE Live app?
No, there is no limit on how many people from the same household can use the same bill account. However, once a voucher is redeemed on a unique bill account, it cannot be redeemed again by other members using the same account until it is renewed the following month.
Q 14. Is there a limit on the number of deals I can use in a week or month?
No, you can enjoy as many deals as often as you like; however, each voucher can only be redeemed once a month.
Q 15. Is there an expiry date for the deals offered under KE Star Rewards?
Vouchers are automatically refreshed each month in the KE Live app, so you can continue enjoying the KE Star Rewards program without interruption.
Q 16. Do my rewards and benefits have any cash value?
The rewards provide exclusive discounts and offers as a token of our appreciation for your regular bill payments. They cannot be converted to cash.
Q 17. Who can I contact if I have an issue with redeeming a voucher?
If you experience any issues redeeming your voucher, please reach out to our Star Rewards support team, available 24/7, at
0311-1244555
. We’re always here to help!
Q 18. How will the vendor know I am a STAR customer and eligible for the deal?
Vendors will recognize your eligibility when you present your voucher, which is exclusively available to STAR customers through the KE Live app.
Q 19. Can I avail the same deal again?
Each voucher can be used once a month. All vouchers are automatically refreshed each month so you can continue enjoying the KE Star Rewards program.
Q 20. Can I access KE Star Rewards through KE’s website?
Not yet! Currently, it is only available through the KE Live App. Download it here to start enjoying discounts and offers!
Q 21. Can these offers be redeemed on delivery by the vendor?
For now, the offers can only be redeemed in person at the designated outlet.
Q 22. Will the deals and discounts change each month?
Yes, we update our list of deals and discounts every month to keep things fresh and exciting, while still retaining your favorite deals.
Q 23. What is the validity of KE Star Rewards?
KE Star Rewards remains valid as long as you continue to make payments on time, allowing you to enjoy the benefits of being a KE STAR customer.
Q 24. What happens to my STAR status if I move to a new house?
Your STAR status is tied to your KE account at your current premises. You’ll need to ensure that all bill payments for your new account number are consistently made on time to become a STAR customer again.
Q 25. Are there other ways to check my STAR status besides the KE Live app?
Yes, you can check your STAR status by looking for the STAR logo on your electricity bill. Additionally, your status is displayed in the KE Live app, or you can contact customer support for assistance.
Q 26. Can I use multiple deals in one transaction?
The ability to use multiple deals in a single transaction depends on the vendor’s discretion.
Q 27. Can I return or exchange a product purchased using a KE Star reward?
Returns or exchanges are subject to the vendor’s policy. Be sure to check with the vendor before making a purchase using your KE deal.
Q 28. Can I transfer my Star status to someone else, like a friend, to use it?
No, the Star status is tied to your customer account and cannot be transferred to anyone.
Q 29. Can I pause my participation in the KE Star Rewards if I’m unable to pay the bills for a few months?
If you miss payments, you will lose your STAR status, but you can regain it by making 12 on-time payments.
Q 30. Can I use KE Star rewards while traveling outside of Karachi?
Star Rewards can only be redeemed at participating brands located in Karachi.
Q 31. Are there outlets offering discounts outside of Karachi?
Currently, discounts are only available at outlets in Karachi
Q 32. Can I view past deals or my redemption history on the KE Live app?
Yes, you can view all your past redemptions in the “redeem” tab of the KE Live app.
Q 33. Do I need to show identification to redeem a deal at a vendor?
No, you will only need to present the voucher from the KE Live app.
Q 34. If I have access to multiple KE accounts, can I use my Star status across them in the same transaction?
If you are a Star Customer on all your KE accounts, you can redeem the vouchers according to the terms and conditions of each brand.
Q 35. What should I do if my KE Live app crashes while redeeming a deal?
Try restarting the app and check your redemption history to confirm if the deal was processed. If the voucher is marked as redeemed, you can present the voucher code from your redemption history to the vendor. If the issue continues, reach out to our support team at
0311-1244555
.
Q 36. Does a Net Metering bill qualify me for Star Customer status?
Yes, if you are a Net Metering customer who pays bills on time and has no outstanding dues, you qualify as a Star Customer.
Q 37. If I switch from a regular utility bill to Net Metering, will I keep my Star Customer status?
If you switch to Net Metering and continue paying your bills on time with no outstanding dues, you will maintain your Star Customer status.
Q 38. Will my STAR status be affected if I change my payment method?
No, changing your payment method will not affect your STAR status if payments are made on time.
Refer a Friend on KE Live App
Q 1. How Does It Work?
Share your KE Live referral code with a friend.
Earn points for each successful referral.
Start inviting friends now! Find the “Refer a friend” section in the side menu or tap the “Invite a friend” button.
Q 2. What Are the Campaign Types?
Promo Codes/Rewards and Leaderboard:
Enjoy exclusive rewards and friendly competition! Earn points, unlock discounts, and climb the leaderboard to win amazing prizes.
Only Promo Codes/Rewards Only
Unlock amazing discounts with every referral! Earn points and redeem them for exclusive promo codes.
Leaderboard Challenge
Compete to be a top referrer! Climb the leaderboard and win exciting prizes. Limited time only.
Q 3. What Are the Terms and Conditions of This Campaign?
This campaign is open to KE Live App users only.
No entry fee nor any financial contribution is required to participate in this campaign.
To participate you must share your unique referral code via email, SMS, WhatsApp, or other messaging platforms.
You can find your unique referral code in the “Invite Friends” tab from the side menu on the app.
You will earn points for each successful referral when a new user signs up using your referral code.
For every point earned, you will receive a promo code.
Each campaign has a specified start and end time.
Rewards for referrals can only be won within the prescribed campaign period.
The winner may be notified via a call or email and shall be contacted only by the phone number or email provided. If the winner cannot be contacted, KE reserves the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick another winner.
The prizes are as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. The prize is non-transferable and non-exchangeable and are further subject to availability. KE reserves the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without notification.
The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and picture for publicity. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other participants will be used by KE in compliance with applicable laws of Pakistan.
Points can be gained even if there is no campaign active.
Users reaching a specific points threshold qualify for the leaderboard.
The top users on the leaderboard at the end of the campaign will win exciting prizes.
Points and promo codes are non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
KE reserves the right to disqualify any user suspected of fraudulent activity or violating the terms and conditions.
KE reserves the right to modify or terminate the campaign at any time without prior notice.
KE is not responsible for any technical issues or delays that may affect participation in the campaign.
By participating in the campaign, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in the app’s Privacy Policy.
By participating in the “Refer a Friend” program, you agree to these terms and conditions.
Alfa Payment Gateway - Buy Now Pay Later
Key Features
Tenure options:
3, 6, 9, and 12 months
Eligibility:
Credit card must be at least 3 months old
Minimum transaction amount:
PKR 3,000 and above
Markup:
Shariah-compliant (no interest)
Processing fee:
Applicable as per selected tenure
Separate BNPL limit:
Does not impact your regular credit card limit
General Details
Q1. What is Alfa BNPL?
BNPL (Buy Now, Pay Later) is a Shariah-compliant installment facility that allows you to pay your K-Electric bill in easy monthly installments instead of a lump sum.
Q2. Which instalment plans are available?
You can choose from 3, 6, 9, or 12-month installment plans.
Q3. Who is eligible for Alfa BNPL?
All Bank Alfalah credit card holders whose cards have been active for at least 3 months are eligible.
Q4. What is the minimum bill amount required?
The minimum transaction amount for BNPL is PKR 3,000.
Q5. Will BNPL affect my credit card limit?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q6. Is there any markup or interest?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q7. How does the repayment work?
The first installment is charged upfront at the time of transaction, and the remaining amount is divided into equal monthly installments over your selected tenure.
Q8. Can I choose my tenure?
Yes, you can select your preferred tenure (3, 6, 9, or 12 months) at the time of payment.
Q9. Are there any additional charges?
Only a one-time processing fee applies based on the selected tenure. No hidden charges.
Processing Fee Structure
Tenure
Processing Fee
3 months
8%
6 months
13%
9 months
19%
12 months
24%
Bank Alfalah Prepaid Card Campaign
Key Features
Tenure options:
3, 6, 9, and 12 months
Eligibility:
Credit card must be at least 3 months old
Minimum transaction amount:
PKR 3,000 and above
Markup:
Shariah-compliant (no interest)
Processing fee:
Applicable as per selected tenure
Separate BNPL limit:
Does not impact your regular credit card limit
General Details
Q1. What is Alfa BNPL?
BNPL (Buy Now, Pay Later) is a Shariah-compliant installment facility that allows you to pay your K-Electric bill in easy monthly installments instead of a lump sum.
Q2. Which instalment plans are available?
You can choose from 3, 6, 9, or 12-month installment plans.
Q3. Who is eligible for Alfa BNPL?
All Bank Alfalah credit card holders whose cards have been active for at least 3 months are eligible.
Q4. What is the minimum bill amount required?
The minimum transaction amount for BNPL is PKR 3,000.
Q5. Will BNPL affect my credit card limit?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q6. Is there any markup or interest?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q7. How does the repayment work?
The first installment is charged upfront at the time of transaction, and the remaining amount is divided into equal monthly installments over your selected tenure.
Q8. Can I choose my tenure?
Yes, you can select your preferred tenure (3, 6, 9, or 12 months) at the time of payment.
Q9. Are there any additional charges?
Only a one-time processing fee applies based on the selected tenure. No hidden charges.
Processing Fee Structure
Tenure
Processing Fee
3 months
8%
6 months
13%
9 months
19%
12 months
24%
Senior Citizen
Q1. Can elderly or differently abled persons avail all billing services from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can avail all billing services and complaint facility from 118 helpline.
Q2. Can elderly or differently abled persons also avail duplicate bill from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can avail duplicate bill services. They can also use other available facilities for duplicate bill, such as KE Live app, SMS 8119 and the KE website.
Q3. Can elderly or differently abled persons avail bill installment or token bill from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can get bill installment or token bill without leaving the comfort of home. This is currently only available for residential customers.
Q4. Can elderly or differently abled persons place a change of name request from 118 helpline?
Yes, elderly or differently abled persons can place change of name request from 118 helpline.
Q5. How will duplicate or token bill be delivered to a customer through 118 helpline?
The KE team will share the requested bill on the customer’s preferred channel, i.e. email or WhatsApp.
Q6. Can all commercial, residential and industrial customers avail these services from 118 helpline?
Billing services from 118 helpline are currently only available for residential customers.
Q7. What are the timings to avail billing services from 118 helpline?
Elderly or differently abled persons can call the 118 helpline 24/7 to avail billing services.
General
Q 1. What is FSA?
Q 23. How are average bills calculated?FSA stands for Fuel Surcharge Adjustment. It is the adjustment (positive / negative) given to the customer on units consumed due to variation in fuel prices as determined by NEPRA.
Q 2. Do I have to inform K-Electric if my premises closes?
It is advantageous to inform K-Electric if premises are closed so that the organisation is aware of the reason for the fall in consumption.
Q 3. How can a consumer get the Dues Clearance Certificate from KE?
An application is required to be submitted at the respective IBC for obtaining Dues Clearance Certificate (where there are no outstanding dues against the premises).
Q 4. What is the procedure for change of name/address?
If the consumer sells the premises where the connection is installed, it shall be obligatory upon the new owner to apply to KE for a change of name. Such an application shall be accompanied by written consent of the previous owner regarding transfer of the security deposit in the name of the new owner.You can get your name updated on the bill by providing the following documents:
Sales Deed / Conveyance deed for immovable property / Sub-Lease / Mutation Letter (not for Kachi Abadi)/Registered Gift Deed, Transfer, Allotment Letter/Order In Multi-story project issued by builder or Certified true copy of Form VII/II issued by Mukhtiakar.
CNIC
All dues must be cleared
Undertaking on plain white paper
Additional Documents for Industries/Commercial:
NTN certificate
Additional Documents for Tenant:
Tenancy agreement
Owner CNIC copy
NOC from Owner
Additional Documents for Kachi Abadi: (any of one)
letter from Municipal town / Town office
PT1 certificate Bring all original documents at the time of submission.
Certified true copy of Sanat – Gothabad Scheme Issued by the Board of revenue.
Q 5. What are ‘instalments’?
Instalments are allowed, as per company policy, to facilitate payments from consumers who are either defaulters or have outstanding amounts in arrears.
Q 6. What is ‘MDI’?
The MDI is the Maximum Demand Indicator. Maximum demand, where applicable, means the maximum demand obtained in any month measured over successive periods, each of 30 minutes duration.
Q 7(a). If I did not get my monthly bill at my premises within the due date, what should I do?
Bills are prepared and dispatched each month on a specific date. However, in case of non-receipt of your bill, you can do the following:
Click here
to generate a duplicate bill
Email us at
bill@ke.com.pk
Visit your nearest IBC to get a duplicate bill.
Call 118
Q 7(b). What are the other bill payment options?
Please refer to our
Bill Payment
Options page on our website for a list of convenient payment options.
Q 8. I have been charged a TV-License fee. How can I get the exemption?
OR What are the requirements to waive PTV license fee from electric bill?
The collection of the TV license fee through electricity bills was introduced by the Government of Pakistan through the Finance Act 2005. Pursuant to this, KE has been a collecting agent for the TV License Fee since May 2008. Exemption certificate issued from PTV can be submitted by the consumers at customer care center of KE for processing of TV licensee fee waiver. Alternatively, the exemption form (available at
https://www.ke.com.pk/media-center/downloads/
) can also be downloaded and submitted to KE after filling the required information with following documents so that the same will be forwarded to PTV on behalf of consumers for further processing of TV licensee fee waiver: 1. Consumer Application 2. Last paid KE bill copy (of both side) 3. CNIC copy of applicant 4. Affidavit on Rs.50 /- Stamp paper
Q 9. What is the percentage of Late Payment Surcharge?
Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is equal to 10% of the amount billed, excluding government tax(es) and duty(ies).
Q 10. What are the minimum charges for a single phase meter on residential and commercial usage if there is no consumption?
Rs. 75/- for residential consumers, Rs. 175/-for commercial consumers.
Q 11. What are the minimum charges for a three phase meter on residential and commercial usage if there is no consumption?
Rs 150/- for residential consumers, Rs 350/- for commercial consumers.
Q 12. How can I register for the E-Billing service?
Please refer to our
E-Billing Registration
page and register for the e-billing service.
Q 13. Why do different areas face different durations of load-shed?
KE has devised a strategy based on two key drivers:
Theft (illegal kunda connections)
Recovery ratios (bill payment by consumers)
Aggregate Technical and Commercial Losses (ATCL) determines how many hours of load-shed will be planned for each zone. KE has divided Karachi into four zones: Currently, 61% of Karachi, including low loss residential areas and industrial zones, is exempted from load-shed (as of Jan 2015). In 2008-2009, only 28% of the city was exempted from load-shed. We can’t continue to provide uninterrupted supply in areas where we don’t get paid for the services we provide.
Q 14. Will an area change zones if losses are reduced?
Most certainly. If consumers in an area support KE in combatting theft and duly pay their bills, then as per KE policy they will be moved to a lower loss zone depending on the losses reduced and hence face a lower duration of load-shed.Analysis of the area Aggregate Technical and Commercial Losses (ATCL) is conducted after every three months, whereby depending upon the losses in the area, the load-shed duration is applied.
Q 15. What is KE doing to reduce theft?
K-Electric is deploying Aerial Bundled Cables (ABCs) across Karachi in an effort to combat theft and provide safer and more reliable power across Karachi. These cables are insulated and therefore also prevent the illegal consumption of electricity. KE has also initiated Project Ujala whereby the utility collaborates with communities across Karachi to install ABCs and low-cost meters for those consumers who were previously abstracting power illegally. Community support is proving to be a sustainable way to not only combat theft but also improve the quality of life for the communities and residents concerned. KE has also launched the low-cost meter drive in various areas of Karachi, whereby consumers who are currently not part of our network are encouraged to convert to low-cost meters without risk of any prosecution for power theft or illegal abstraction. KE has launched the Smart Grid project, which allows monitoring of electricity remotely and will have a major impact on controlling electricity theft. The project is currently in its pilot phase in North Karachi; we plan on expanding it across Karachi. KE regularly conducts kunda removal operations in various areas, regular updates of which are made to the consumers via our communication channels (including social media). KE also conducted crackdowns against defaulters and power thieves with the ‘Name and Shame’ campaign in 2011-2012 and Operation Burq in 2015-2016. K-Electric has also set up a dedicated channel
Speak Up
whereby consumers can report theft anonymously by emailing
speakup@ke.com.pk
. Community support is vital to reduce theft in an area. While KE has taken various initiatives to control theft, only in areas where the community has joined KE’s efforts has there been a sustainable solution for reducing theft. This in turn benefits the residents of the locality in the form of reduction in load-shed and faults.
Q 16. How can I find out the load-shed schedule?
Load -shed schedule can be viewed from the link below.
https://www.ke.com.pk/load-shed-schedule/
To find the name of your respective feeder, download our KE Live mobile app, or call 118 or inquire through KE Social Media (
facebook
and
twitter
). Please note only the list of feeders that will face load shedding are mentioned here.
Q 17. Who are lifeline consumers?
“Lifeline consumer” means those residential consumers having single phase electric connection with a sanctioned load up to 1 kW. The lifeline consumers include residential Non-Time of Use (Non-ToU) consumers having maximum of last twelve months and current month’s consumption less than or equal to 100 units; two rates for less than or equal to 50 and less than or equal to 100 will continue.
Q 18. What is Tou billing mode
This is the application of tariff according to the time in which energy is consumed. These rates vary by time of day: more expensive during peak demand hours and less expensive during low demand periods. TOU has been implemented across all Distribution Companies (DISCOs) across Pakistan to encourage responsible consumer consumption and ease the strain of energy usage during maximum demand periods. Billing for eligible customers will be based on their consumption during peak/off-peak hours which are as per below:
Q 19. What are Surcharges?
NEPRA Act allows the government to impose surcharges on electricity consumers. Currently, PHL surcharge is applicable on consumers across the country. Please refer to the link on our website for FAQs regarding PHL surcharge:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/faqs/#phl_surcharge
Q 20. What is the difference between Protected and Unprotected customers?
Protected customers
are defined as customers with sanctioned loads below 5 kW and who consume upto 200 units per month consistently for the past six months. The tariff charges of protected consumers is less than tariff charged to other unprotected consumers.
Unprotected customers
are customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW but who have consumed more than 200 units in any of the 6 months before their billing month. Their billing is based on slabs and their per unit cost of electricity is higher than protected consumers.
In addition, within protected category are also the Time of Use (ToU) customers, whose sanctioned load is exceeding 5Kw & are charged at Peak & Off-Peak rates as per Schedule of Tariff (SoT).
Q 21. What are Fuel Charge Adjustments?
Fuel Prices used for electricity generation are volatile and are influenced by global supply-demand, dynamics of international and local commodity markets and macroeconomic factors. In addition to fuel price movements, the overall cost of electricity generation is also affected by changes in generation mix (i.e. relative share of different fuel sources) and the volume of electricity generated during any given month.
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA)
is an approved regulatory mechanism by NEPRA that allows electricity utilities to recover (or refund) the costs based on variation in fuel prices, changes in generation mix and volume used to generate electricity.
FCA may be positive or negative depending on whether weighted average fuel costs per unit incurred during a given month are higher or lower than the weighted average reference fuel costs for the same month as approved in the tariff. These adjustments are reviewed and approved by NEPRA and subsequently passed onto consumers through electricity bills, usually with a time lag.
For example, FCA pertaining to electricity consumed in
October 202
5
was charged onto consumer bills in
December 2025
in line with NEPRA’s decision in the matter of Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA) for the month of October 2025 dated December 09, 2025.
It is important to note that FCA represents retrospective recovery or refund of fuel cost already incurred by utility companies.
Q 22. What kind of meters does KE use and queries about meter running fast?
The electricity meters used by K-Electric, as well as other DISCOs in Pakistan, are manufactured by independent suppliers and fulfill global standards.
KE has two kinds of digital meters: single phase and three phase. Both are installed at residential, commercial and industrial premises. Technically, there is no difference between the two except that the three-phase meter is larger in size compared to the single phase one. This distinction is why the single phase meter is usually installed for consumers who have consumption patterns of below 5 KW and three phase meter for consumption equaling to or exceeding 5 KW.
To ensure that only the certifiably best meters are used, KE procures its meters from ISO and PSQCA qualified vendors, both local and international. These are manufactured under the guidelines of International Electrochemical Commission (IEC).
Moreover, in pursuit of transparency in all its operations including metering, KE has established an in-house, state-of-the-art certified lab that tests meters before and after installation from customer premises. These processes strictly adhere to the IEC standards. Also, this facility is open to all KE consumers for a minimum fee who wish to check their consumed units that are displayed on the meter. To know more regarding this option or for any complaints, customers can easily reach out to KE through 118 Call Center, social media forums or by visiting their nearest Universal IBC. Additionally, as these meters are installed at the customer’s residence, they can carry out their own benchmarking by purchasing and installing a meter directly from the market to compare its performance with KE’s meter.
Moreover, with strict protocols in place KE ensures all billing is done fairly and transparently. Since July 2020, as per the guidelines detailed by National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM), wherever possible, a picture of the meter displaying the current months units is now included in the customers electricity bill.
The utility also ensures that all avenues are available to the customers in case of any dispute. They can record their complaints at a number of touchpoints, such as our Customer Care Centers or by calling our Call Center at 118. They can also log in their complaints via our website at https://www.ke.com.pk or through our social media platforms. Moreover, in 2016, K-Electric partnered with the Office of the Federal Ombudsman to establish a one-of-its-kind electronic communication network between the FO Secretariat and K-Electric to ensure quick resolution of consumer complaints.
Q 23. How are average bills calculated?
KE has a robust billing system (SAP-ISU) in place that works on both automation and methodology and has multiple level data validation protocols to bill its customers accurately. In case the power utility is unable to get meter readings for any reasons, the average billing mechanism is used to bill the consumers, in-line with the guidelines prescribed under the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM)*, which is followed by DISCOs across Pakistan (see figure below).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 14, Section 4.4 (c).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 15, Section 4.4 (e)
This Average billing mechanism utilizes the consumption trend of individual consumer or is based on the bill of the same month in the prior year, whichever is higher. Averaging out over the past 11 months also takes into account summer months, when consumption is generally higher, so the bill may appear inflated to consumers. However, this is adjusted as per the actual meter reading, once physical meter reading resumes.
The average billing formula is very simple. It is based on two calculations, as per the CSM. The last 11 months are considered in this mechanism, and their total is divided by 11 (the number of months, to get the average) and that amount is billed to the customer. The other option given in the CSM is to use the consumption for the same month in the prior year and bill the customer based on that. According to the NEPRA CSM, the higher of these two amounts is used. Also, to clarify, KE has always valued and promoted transparency towards employees and external stakeholders including our consumers. This is evident through regular updates on our websites and other social media platforms regarding any changes in tariff, online energy consumption calculator, FCA schedule etc.
Q 24. What is the significance of KE’s distribution license?
K-Electric is not opposed to competition, however, the utility suggests, in line with GoP policy, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. As per existing Distribution License, like all DISCOs in Pakistan, KE also has exclusive rights to sell electricity in its service area till July 2023. KE’s tariff, valid till July 30 2023, also considers KE’s exclusive distribution rights while determining operational targets for the company such as sales growth and T&D losses. The rationale given for termination of exclusivity, and introduction of competition, is to provide customers with i) more supplier options, ii) better services and prices, and iii) enhanced efficiency, in the public interest. However, this can only be achieved with a level playing field, as:
KE remains obliged to serve its entire service area, including those that are high loss. It also has to sell electricity at a regulated tariff which includes imposing cross subsidy surcharge on good consumers (Industrial, Bulk and High value Residential/Commercial). KE is also held accountable for investing in its network and deal with all related challenges such as transmission and distribution (T&D) losses, encroachment, reliability etc.
New players (i.e. housing societies, industrial areas etc.) unlike KE will have no such obligations, and can cherry pick KE consumers avoiding high loss, low collection areas and focusing on low loss, high collection areas. They will also have the option to negotiate their tariff specifically for their preferred customers, hence, no cross-subsidy surcharge. It is important to highlight here that they will not have their own network and will be using KE’s infrastructure for a cost (wheeling charges.) This means that all the corresponding maintenance and investment cost will still remain KE’s burden, bearing all the T&D losses, currently running around 15%.
This step would inadvertently have several negative implications for Karachi overall. As good consumers (low loss, high collection areas) would shift to new suppliers and avoid cross subsidy, KE would take a hit on its revenues. Adding on to this, as the tariff for the remaining regulated consumers would increase as capacity cost and cross subsidy would be allocated to them, recovery for KE will be harder than before, resulting in further diminishing of its profits. With such an unsustainable model, and earnings being in a downward trajectory, it will be impossible for KE to arrange financing from lenders for its key projects (i.e. 900 MW power plant) and network additions (i.e. additional national grid interconnection points including the requirement to set up grid stations including at 500 kV level). This would jeopardize both, the generation capacity of KE and reliability of the distribution network as the new players will transmit their power via the existing T&D infrastructure. Without the required upgradations, power supply will soon outmatch power delivery. Hence, the utility suggests, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. KE has also filed application for renewal of its Distribution License as per existing provisions of the law and Since, exclusivity has been removed under the NEPRA Amendment 2018, therefore, renewal of the distribution license has been requested on non-exclusive basis. Therefore, to ensure level playing field, it has been requested under the proposed the terms of distribution license that the license should only be granted strictly as per the prevailing applicable legal framework.
Solar Questions
Q 1. What are solar PV systems and how do they work?
A solar PV (Photovoltaic) system absorbs the sun’s irradiation and converts it into electricity. Solar panels are made of highly conductive materials. When the sun rays hit the solar panels, it generates DC (direct current) power. The DC energy passes through an inverter to become the AC (alternating current) power which becomes electricity that lights up the connected load.
Q 2. How does a solar electric system work?
Solar cells in the modules mounted on your roof convert sunlight directly into DC power. A component called an inverter converts this DC power into AC power that can be used in your home. The system is interconnected with your utility connection. During the day, if your solar system produces more electricity than your home is using, your utility connection may allow net metering or the crediting of your utility account for the excess power generated being returned to the grid. Your utility would provide power as usual at night and during the day when your electricity demand exceeds that produced by your solar system.
Q 3. What are the types of solar PV system? What are on grid and off grid systems?
There are three different types of solar PV systems.
Grid connected solar PV system: the on grid solar system is tied to your local utility’s grid. This is the most common system that is used in residential settings. The residence will be covered if there is requirement for more energy than that produced by the solar PV system as it will be able to take it from the grid. In case of surplus energy, the excess energy can be sold to the grid as per the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (Alternative & Renewable Energy) Distributed Generation and Net Metering Regulations, 2015.. An on-grid system will use the energy produced from the solar panels during the day and will switch to the grid electricity during the night.
Off – grid solar system: An off grid solar system means that you are not connected in any way to the grid. To achieve this however, there is a need to purchase back up battery systems, which can be expensive, bulky and are not very environment friendly. The battery systems will be charged during the day from the energy produced by the panels and will be used during nighttime.
Hybrid solar system: A hybrid solar system refers to a combination of solar and energy storage while also being connected to the grid.
Q 4. Will my solar system provide backup solution as well? If not, then what will happen in case of load shedding?
No, the current product offering does not include a backup solution. However, it will be announced in future if customized solution including backup is offered. As per current on-grid system mechanism, in case of power outage, the solar system will be shut down.
Q 5. Can I be totally independent from KE/electric utility?
No, the system will be working under net metering regime where you can net off your energy costs annually, but it will not provide complete reliance on Solar. To be totally independent of the utility, a system which also includes a backup solution usually provided in the form of batteries is required. Currently, these are very expensive and bulky.
Q 6. What are the financial benefits of solar energy??
When you install a solar PV system on your premises, you can save money on your electricity bills and protect yourself against rising electricity rates in the future.
Q 7. What are the environmental benefits of solar power?
The installed solar PV system does not produce any greenhouse gas in generating electricity. This makes solar PV system one of the cleanest sources of power generation.
Q 8. What is the cost of maintaining a solar PV system?
The cost of maintaining the solar PV system will vary as per the environmental conditions and will be evaluated at the time of installation. As a rough benchmark, the consumer may assume Rs 0.5/kWh generated from the solar PV system e.g. if the solar system is generating about 1500 units, then the monthly cleaning cost would be around Rs 750 for the month.
Q 9. For residential system it will only require regular cleaning of panels, how can I maintain my solar PV system myself?
The solar PV system can be cleaned using clean water and a non-abrasive sponge. Non-chemical based shampoo can be used once a month. The panels require a periodic light cleaning to make sure dirt, leaves and other debris are not obstructing the sun’s rays.
Q 10. What is the frequency of cleaning required for solar panels?
To get the optimal output from your solar PV system it is advised to clean your solar panels at least once every week.
Q 11. Will the system work on cloudy days?
Yes, though the system will produce less electricity. Under a light overcast sky, panels might produce about half as much as under full sun. The solar PV system doesn’t need sunshine, per se, to generate electricity as much as they need direct unobstructed access to the sun’s UV rays.
Q 12. Why should I choose K-Solar for my solar PV system needs?
K-solar is wholly owned subsidiary of K-Electric Limited (KE ) which comes with a 100+ years of experience in the power sector. K-Solar has developed partnerships with leading suppliers of solar equipment which allows it to offer the best in class solutions to its customers. K-solar will also be offering its customers the option of a Smart Solar & Energy Monitoring system. At K-Solar, the idea is to provide the customers with a one window solution for all their solar needs by providing, robust, quick and quality installations. K-Solar will be building on KE’s customer centric approach and providing round the clock services to its customers. K-Solar will also be building on the strong financial grounds of KE.
Q 13. What will come with my solar PV system? What are the warranties that K-Solar offers its customers?
ItemsWarranties
Solar modules
10 Years (Replacement)/ 25 Years (Performance)
Solar Invertor
10 Years (Replacement)
Solar Structure
10 Years (Maintenance)
Workmanship(Miscellaneous plant equipment)
2 years
Q 14. What panels and inverters will K-Solar be installing on my premises?
K-Solar partners with the state-of-the-art top-tier solar panel and inverter suppliers to provide cutting edge technology to its customers. Solar Panels Make: Longi (China) [Tier-1 equipment] Solar Inverters Make: Sungrow (China) [Global leader in inverters]
Q 15. How much energy will a Solar PV system produce?
The solar energy generation will depend on the size of your system, solar irradiance in your location and various environmental variables that influence the efficiency of solar PV system. Please refer to K-Solar calculator for specific details. For a thumb rule: 10kW On grid system will produce around 1500Units on monthly basis
Q 16. How much roof space is required for a solar panel?
Space requirements will differ from roof to roof depending on obstructions and shading due to adjacent buildings or trees etc. The definitive space requirement can only be provided after a physical survey of roof. To keep roof area usable, elevated/semi-elevated solar mounting structure could be chosen, which costs 10-15% more than standard roof mount structure.
Q 17. What happens if I sell my premises?
You can either sale your system to the new owner or you can shift the complete solar PV system to the new place under minimal amount. However, you have to reapply for net metering at your new premises
Q 18. Can I install a solar PV system on rented property?
Yes, you can install the system at rented property and you can also shift the solar PV system any time to any other premise. However, your net-metering application will have to be signed by the owner of the house as per NEPRA regulations
Q 19. Will a solar energy system protect me from load shedding and outages?
The on grid solar system is tied to your local utility’s grid. This is the most common system that is used in residential settings. In the case of load shedding, maintenance, and grid faults, their system will not be protecting the customer from power outages. Customers looking to protect themselves against these should consider a battery backed system. However, these systems are currently very expensive (1.5X of the price of a system without a battery) and require battery replacement every 5 years which make them unfeasible from a financial perspective.
Q 20. Can the tenant of a premise install a solar system?
To install a solar system, the customer needs to have the title of the property. The owner of the rented property can install the solar system on behalf of the tenant especially in processing net metering cases
Q 21. What are my options to finance Solar PV system?
The customer can avail State Bank of Pakistan’s renewable finance scheme which is available to customers installing solar PV systems of up to 1 MW. This financing is being offered by various commercial banks at 6% and requires an upfront payment of minimum 20% from the customers. The bank will review the application process and approve the financing if all conditions are met. More details can be found at the SBP website.
Safety
Q 1. Why are illegal streetlights a hazard?
Given the unplanned nature of urban development in Karachi, several primary and underlying external factors compromise the integrity of the power infrastructure. One of the major intrusions to KE’s network is illegal streetlights in different areas of Karachi.
These streetlights and their switches bypass electrical safety mechanisms thus creating public safety hazards and resulting in unfortunate incidents. They are usually installed with virtually naked wires without adhering to any safety protocols, leading to leakage of electricity current, which creates a potential safety risk. Moreover, KE conducts drives for the removal of these streetlights and switches every year. This year alone, KE has removed around 10,000 hazardous switches and wires from its poles.
It is essentially the job of the city administration and other civic bodies to ensure that Karachi is made free from encroachments, be it on the ground or on electricity infrastructure, which also includes unsafe street-light switches. To this end, KE has also filed a Constitutional Petition whereby KE has invariably raised the concern that its network is being compromised by the installation of these illegal streetlight connections and it is imperative that they be removed immediately.
The potential threat these switches pose to both KE’s staff and the public is heightened immensely during monsoon due to wet poles and waterlogging around KE infrastructure. These illegal practices also compromise the integrity of KE’s operation system hence causing disruption in the power supply to our consumers.
Q 2. Why are internet/cable wires an intrusion to the system and how do they cause safety hazards?
The TV and Internet cables installed on KE infrastructure are done without the permission of KE, making them inherently illegal. Since they are illegal, there are no safety regulations followed when installing these.
According to a number of investigations and reports – the details of which have been filed with NEPRA as well – majority of electrocution related incidents occur inside consumer premises due to faulty wiring, unsafe use of electrical appliances or because of illegal hook connections and the unwarranted placement of TV and internet cables on electricity poles. These cables and other equipment mounted on electricity poles are at times live and can transmit up to 400 volts. Furthermore, these cables are installed without adhering to the applicable electrical safety mechanisms and the current through them passes to the poles and other downstream infrastructure, creating a severe hazard for the public as well as for the employees of the power utility. Acknowledging these ground realities and operational challenges, including illegal use of electricity poles by cable TV and internet operators, NEPRA has also held consultative sessions wherein the Company shared its recommendations to improve the overall safety of distribution network across the country and the need to create mass safety awareness among the general public.
This unlawful network of wires also makes it difficult for our team to identify and resolve faults attributable to KE, therefore causing delays in rectifying the problem and increasing the resolution time of related power outages.
Additionally, due to leakage of current from these hazardous wires, not only is there monetary loss for KE but also the risk of loss of life is increased manifold. This was witnessed especially in the rains of 2019, where we saw several electrocution cases that happened as a direct result of live current coming from cable wires or the boosters attached to them.
To this end, KE has had several engagements with Cable Associations (PTAPA, KCWA and CAP), which called for a joint effort to phase out these cables from KE poles. KE also shared technical standards for installation/proper arrangement of internet/cable network on K-Electric poles/infrastructure, with PTAPA, Cable associations, and City Administration. However, any concrete action is yet to be seen.
Find the copy of the High Court Order
here
. And the comments submitted by the Commissioner of Karachi
here
.
The Letter has the minutes of the meeting summarized whereby a mechanism was confirmed to put these cables aligning with the system.
Investments
Q 1. What are KE’s future investment plans from 2023 onwards and how will it meet demand and supply gap?
KE intends on investing PKR 474 across the energy value chain.
Q 2. What has KE done to improve Customer Centricity?
You may see multiple FCA entries in your electricity bill between June-Sep 2024. This is in line with the schedule of charges applied by NEPRA; FCAs for up to three months will be applied in one month e,g. in June 2024 customers will see the FCA for both October 2023 and February 2024 being applied to the units consumed in those months. Similarly in August 2024 customers will see FCA for August 2023, November 2023 and December 2023 being applied. Please note that NEPRA has absolute authority over both the amount and the methodology of Fuel Charge Adjustments.
Q 3. How did privatization improve KE’s performance? How has KE invested in the system since privatization and what are the capacity additions made?
Q 4. What amount did KE commit to invest as per the Implementation Agreement and did it fulfill its commitments? What were the commitments made by GoP?
Evident from Figure 2.1 below, KE had the obligation to invest USD 361 million as per the Implementation Agreement, which the company duly fulfilled, as demonstrated in Figure 2.2 below.
Implementation Agreement – GoP’s Commitments
While KE has fulfilled its obligation under the IA, the company continues to face delays in tariff notifications, release of its Tariff Differential Claims and payment of energy dues of strategic customers, all guaranteed by GoP in the IA.
Support in Tariff including Timely Notification:
Delay in Tariff Notification along with significant deviation from the Previous MYT, delays in making the Appellate Tribunal functional, and pending notification of NEPRA’s Quarterly Tariff Determination (July 2016 to March 2019)
Gas Supply for KE’s Plants including 560MW BQPS-II Plant:
Inadequate and unreliable gas supply along with swap of 60 MMCFD of Natural Gas with RLNG at distribution tariff (expensive fuel) – annual impact of c. PKR 23 Billion on fuel cost
Payment of energy dues of Strategic Customers, including KWSB:
Non-payment of energy dues of strategic customers guaranteed under the IA – KWSB dues have increased from c. PKR 7 Billion in 2009 to c. PKR 28 Billion in May 2020
Timely Release of Tariff Differential Subsidy:
Delays/non-release resulting in accumulation of TDC receivables – c. PKR 184 Billion pending receivable
Find the relevant clauses of the IA in Figure 2.4
Moreover, KE invested 22% more than the committed amount to NEPRA under the Multiyear Tariff 2009 as demonstrated in the charts below. Previously, KE had an Efficiency-Based Tariff, which enabled investments. However, with the new Cost-Plus Tariff determined in 2016, investments can only be made if NEPRA allows.
Q 1. What are KE’s future investment plans from 2023 onwards and how will it meet demand and supply gap?
KE intends on investing PKR 474 across the energy value chain.
Q 2. Why do some areas experience load shed while others do not?
K-Electric has a well thought out and considerate strategy for the citizens of Karachi. K-Electric’s Segmented Load shed (SLS) policy divides feeders based on their loss profile which is determined by the T&D losses and recovery ratios in any particular area. High Loss areas in Karachi face up to 7.5 hours of load shedding (when energy demand is at its peak) whereas low loss areas face no load shedding whatsoever. The success of the scheme is clear from the fact that there has been a shift of several areas from high loss to low loss. It is also relevant to point out that at the time when K-Electric’s SLS scheme was launched in 2009-10, there was unscheduled load shed across the board but due to consistent approach and application of the scheme across the city without any discrimination, over 75% of the feeders are exempted from load shed, which was only 23% in the year 2009. Moreover, there is a growing acceptance that stealing of electricity and illegal abstraction of electricity is a menace which affects all consumers of Karachi equally. The SLS scheme has been so successful in Karachi, in terms of improving financial viability and consumer behavior that Ex-WAPDA DISCOs have also adopted this model, and the Ministry of Energy has formally approved it as part of the National Power Policy. 2013. Find the National Power Policy 2013
here
. KE conducts a quarterly review process wherein it evaluates the loss of each area and profiles it as high, medium, or low loss, respectively.
K-Electric’s segmented load-shed policy was also acknowledged and lauded at several forums like State Bank of Pakistan and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Q 3. What are Fuel Charge Adjustments?
Fuel Prices used for electricity generation are volatile and are influenced by global supply-demand, dynamics of international and local commodity markets and macroeconomic factors. In addition to fuel price movements, the overall cost of electricity generation is also affected by changes in generation mix (i.e. relative share of different fuel sources) and the volume of electricity generated during any given month.
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA)
is an approved regulatory mechanism by NEPRA that allows electricity utilities to recover (or refund) the costs based on variation in fuel prices, changes in generation mix and volume used to generate electricity.
FCA may be positive or negative depending on whether weighted average fuel costs per unit incurred during a given month are higher or lower than the weighted average reference fuel costs for the same month as approved in the tariff. These adjustments are reviewed and approved by NEPRA and subsequently passed onto consumers through electricity bills, usually with a time lag.
For example, FCA pertaining to electricity consumed in
October 202
5
was charged onto consumer bills in
December 2025
in line with NEPRA’s decision in the matter of Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA) for the month of October 2025 dated December 09, 2025.
It is important to note that FCA represents retrospective recovery or refund of fuel cost already incurred by utility companies.
Q 4. What has KE done to improve Customer Centricity?
You may see multiple FCA entries in your electricity bill between June-Sep 2024. This is in line with the schedule of charges applied by NEPRA; FCAs for up to three months will be applied in one month e,g. in June 2024 customers will see the FCA for both October 2023 and February 2024 being applied to the units consumed in those months. Similarly in August 2024 customers will see FCA for August 2023, November 2023 and December 2023 being applied. Please note that NEPRA has absolute authority over both the amount and the methodology of Fuel Charge Adjustments.
Q 5. Why are illegal streetlights a hazard?
Given the unplanned nature of urban development in Karachi, several primary and underlying external factors compromise the integrity of the power infrastructure. One of the major intrusions to KE’s network is illegal streetlights in different areas of Karachi.
These streetlights and their switches bypass electrical safety mechanisms thus creating public safety hazards and resulting in unfortunate incidents. They are usually installed with virtually naked wires without adhering to any safety protocols, leading to leakage of electricity current, which creates a potential safety risk. Moreover, KE conducts drives for the removal of these streetlights and switches every year. This year alone, KE has removed around 10,000 hazardous switches and wires from its poles.
It is essentially the job of the city administration and other civic bodies to ensure that Karachi is made free from encroachments, be it on the ground or on electricity infrastructure, which also includes unsafe street-light switches. To this end, KE has also filed a Constitutional Petition whereby KE has invariably raised the concern that its network is being compromised by the installation of these illegal streetlight connections and it is imperative that they be removed immediately.
The potential threat these switches pose to both KE’s staff and the public is heightened immensely during monsoon due to wet poles and waterlogging around KE infrastructure. These illegal practices also compromise the integrity of KE’s operation system hence causing disruption in the power supply to our consumers.
Q 6. How did privatization improve KE’s performance? How has KE invested in the system since privatization and what are the capacity additions made?
Q 7. Why are internet/cable wires an intrusion to the system and how do they cause safety hazards?
The TV and Internet cables installed on KE infrastructure are done without the permission of KE, making them inherently illegal. Since they are illegal, there are no safety regulations followed when installing these.
According to a number of investigations and reports – the details of which have been filed with NEPRA as well – majority of electrocution related incidents occur inside consumer premises due to faulty wiring, unsafe use of electrical appliances or because of illegal hook connections and the unwarranted placement of TV and internet cables on electricity poles. These cables and other equipment mounted on electricity poles are at times live and can transmit up to 400 volts. Furthermore, these cables are installed without adhering to the applicable electrical safety mechanisms and the current through them passes to the poles and other downstream infrastructure, creating a severe hazard for the public as well as for the employees of the power utility. Acknowledging these ground realities and operational challenges, including illegal use of electricity poles by cable TV and internet operators, NEPRA has also held consultative sessions wherein the Company shared its recommendations to improve the overall safety of distribution network across the country and the need to create mass safety awareness among the general public.
This unlawful network of wires also makes it difficult for our team to identify and resolve faults attributable to KE, therefore causing delays in rectifying the problem and increasing the resolution time of related power outages.
Additionally, due to leakage of current from these hazardous wires, not only is there monetary loss for KE but also the risk of loss of life is increased manifold. This was witnessed especially in the rains of 2019, where we saw several electrocution cases that happened as a direct result of live current coming from cable wires or the boosters attached to them.
To this end, KE has had several engagements with Cable Associations (PTAPA, KCWA and CAP), which called for a joint effort to phase out these cables from KE poles. KE also shared technical standards for installation/proper arrangement of internet/cable network on K-Electric poles/infrastructure, with PTAPA, Cable associations, and City Administration. However, any concrete action is yet to be seen.
Find the copy of the High Court Order
here
. And the comments submitted by the Commissioner of Karachi
here
.
The Letter has the minutes of the meeting summarized whereby a mechanism was confirmed to put these cables aligning with the system.
Q 8. What amount did KE commit to invest as per the Implementation Agreement and did it fulfill its commitments? What were the commitments made by GoP?
Evident from Figure 2.1 below, KE had the obligation to invest USD 361 million as per the Implementation Agreement, which the company duly fulfilled, as demonstrated in Figure 2.2 below.
Implementation Agreement – GoP’s Commitments
While KE has fulfilled its obligation under the IA, the company continues to face delays in tariff notifications, release of its Tariff Differential Claims and payment of energy dues of strategic customers, all guaranteed by GoP in the IA.
Support in Tariff including Timely Notification:
Delay in Tariff Notification along with significant deviation from the Previous MYT, delays in making the Appellate Tribunal functional, and pending notification of NEPRA’s Quarterly Tariff Determination (July 2016 to March 2019)
Gas Supply for KE’s Plants including 560MW BQPS-II Plant:
Inadequate and unreliable gas supply along with swap of 60 MMCFD of Natural Gas with RLNG at distribution tariff (expensive fuel) – annual impact of c. PKR 23 Billion on fuel cost
Payment of energy dues of Strategic Customers, including KWSB:
Non-payment of energy dues of strategic customers guaranteed under the IA – KWSB dues have increased from c. PKR 7 Billion in 2009 to c. PKR 28 Billion in May 2020
Timely Release of Tariff Differential Subsidy:
Delays/non-release resulting in accumulation of TDC receivables – c. PKR 184 Billion pending receivable
Find the relevant clauses of the IA in Figure 2.4
Moreover, KE invested 22% more than the committed amount to NEPRA under the Multiyear Tariff 2009 as demonstrated in the charts below. Previously, KE had an Efficiency-Based Tariff, which enabled investments. However, with the new Cost-Plus Tariff determined in 2016, investments can only be made if NEPRA allows.
Q 9. What kind of meters does KE use and queries about meter running fast?
The electricity meters used by K-Electric, as well as other DISCOs in Pakistan, are manufactured by independent suppliers and fulfill global standards.
KE has two kinds of digital meters: single phase and three phase. Both are installed at residential, commercial and industrial premises. Technically, there is no difference between the two except that the three-phase meter is larger in size compared to the single phase one. This distinction is why the single phase meter is usually installed for consumers who have consumption patterns of below 5 KW and three phase meter for consumption equaling to or exceeding 5 KW.
To ensure that only the certifiably best meters are used, KE procures its meters from ISO and PSQCA qualified vendors, both local and international. These are manufactured under the guidelines of International Electrochemical Commission (IEC).
Moreover, in pursuit of transparency in all its operations including metering, KE has established an in-house, state-of-the-art certified lab that tests meters before and after installation from customer premises. These processes strictly adhere to the IEC standards. Also, this facility is open to all KE consumers for a minimum fee who wish to check their consumed units that are displayed on the meter. To know more regarding this option or for any complaints, customers can easily reach out to KE through 118 Call Center, social media forums or by visiting their nearest Universal IBC. Additionally, as these meters are installed at the customer’s residence, they can carry out their own benchmarking by purchasing and installing a meter directly from the market to compare its performance with KE’s meter.
Moreover, with strict protocols in place KE ensures all billing is done fairly and transparently. Since July 2020, as per the guidelines detailed by National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM), wherever possible, a picture of the meter displaying the current months units is now included in the customers electricity bill.
The utility also ensures that all avenues are available to the customers in case of any dispute. They can record their complaints at a number of touchpoints, such as our Customer Care Centers or by calling our Call Center at 118. They can also log in their complaints via our website at https://www.ke.com.pk or through our social media platforms. Moreover, in 2016, K-Electric partnered with the Office of the Federal Ombudsman to establish a one-of-its-kind electronic communication network between the FO Secretariat and K-Electric to ensure quick resolution of consumer complaints.
Q 10. How are average bills calculated?
KE has a robust billing system (SAP-ISU) in place that works on both automation and methodology and has multiple level data validation protocols to bill its customers accurately. In case the power utility is unable to get meter readings for any reasons, the average billing mechanism is used to bill the consumers, in-line with the guidelines prescribed under the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM)*, which is followed by DISCOs across Pakistan (see figure below).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 14, Section 4.4 (c).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 15, Section 4.4 (e)
This Average billing mechanism utilizes the consumption trend of individual consumer or is based on the bill of the same month in the prior year, whichever is higher. Averaging out over the past 11 months also takes into account summer months, when consumption is generally higher, so the bill may appear inflated to consumers. However, this is adjusted as per the actual meter reading, once physical meter reading resumes.
The average billing formula is very simple. It is based on two calculations, as per the CSM. The last 11 months are considered in this mechanism, and their total is divided by 11 (the number of months, to get the average) and that amount is billed to the customer. The other option given in the CSM is to use the consumption for the same month in the prior year and bill the customer based on that. According to the NEPRA CSM, the higher of these two amounts is used. Also, to clarify, KE has always valued and promoted transparency towards employees and external stakeholders including our consumers. This is evident through regular updates on our websites and other social media platforms regarding any changes in tariff, online energy consumption calculator, FCA schedule etc.
Q 11. What is the significance of KE’s distribution license?
K-Electric is not opposed to competition, however, the utility suggests, in line with GoP policy, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. As per existing Distribution License, like all DISCOs in Pakistan, KE also has exclusive rights to sell electricity in its service area till July 2023. KE’s tariff, valid till July 30 2023, also considers KE’s exclusive distribution rights while determining operational targets for the company such as sales growth and T&D losses. The rationale given for termination of exclusivity, and introduction of competition, is to provide customers with i) more supplier options, ii) better services and prices, and iii) enhanced efficiency, in the public interest. However, this can only be achieved with a level playing field, as:
KE remains obliged to serve its entire service area, including those that are high loss. It also has to sell electricity at a regulated tariff which includes imposing cross subsidy surcharge on good consumers (Industrial, Bulk and High value Residential/Commercial). KE is also held accountable for investing in its network and deal with all related challenges such as transmission and distribution (T&D) losses, encroachment, reliability etc.
New players (i.e. housing societies, industrial areas etc.) unlike KE will have no such obligations, and can cherry pick KE consumers avoiding high loss, low collection areas and focusing on low loss, high collection areas. They will also have the option to negotiate their tariff specifically for their preferred customers, hence, no cross-subsidy surcharge. It is important to highlight here that they will not have their own network and will be using KE’s infrastructure for a cost (wheeling charges.) This means that all the corresponding maintenance and investment cost will still remain KE’s burden, bearing all the T&D losses, currently running around 15%.
This step would inadvertently have several negative implications for Karachi overall. As good consumers (low loss, high collection areas) would shift to new suppliers and avoid cross subsidy, KE would take a hit on its revenues. Adding on to this, as the tariff for the remaining regulated consumers would increase as capacity cost and cross subsidy would be allocated to them, recovery for KE will be harder than before, resulting in further diminishing of its profits. With such an unsustainable model, and earnings being in a downward trajectory, it will be impossible for KE to arrange financing from lenders for its key projects (i.e. 900 MW power plant) and network additions (i.e. additional national grid interconnection points including the requirement to set up grid stations including at 500 kV level). This would jeopardize both, the generation capacity of KE and reliability of the distribution network as the new players will transmit their power via the existing T&D infrastructure. Without the required upgradations, power supply will soon outmatch power delivery. Hence, the utility suggests, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. KE has also filed application for renewal of its Distribution License as per existing provisions of the law and Since, exclusivity has been removed under the NEPRA Amendment 2018, therefore, renewal of the distribution license has been requested on non-exclusive basis. Therefore, to ensure level playing field, it has been requested under the proposed the terms of distribution license that the license should only be granted strictly as per the prevailing applicable legal framework.
Electricity Tariff Revisions – 1st July 2025
Q 1. Is there a revision in the Electricty Prices?
As per S.R.O 1168(I)/2025, the Government of Pakistan has officially reduced electricity tariffs effective July 1st, 2025
, bringing relief to residential consumers. This initiative is part of the government’s ongoing efforts to make electricity more affordable for households across the country.
With this reduction,
customers can benefit from a decrease of up to PKR 1.16 per unit
. If your consumption remains steady, you can expect a noticeable drop in your monthly bill compared to previous months or years.
To view the official notification, click
HERE
.
Below is a summary of the revised electricity tariff for residential customers:
Residential Tariff
Old Tariff (PKR/Unit)
New Tariff (PKR/Unit)
Fixed Charges (PKR)
Decrease Per Unit (PKR)
PROTECTED
0 to 50 Units (Lifeline)
3.95
3.95
–
0
51 – 100 Units (Lifeline)
7.74
7.74
–
0
001 – 100 Units
11.69
10.54
–
1.15
101 – 200 Units
14.16
13.01
–
1.15
UNPROTECTED
001-100 Units
23.59
22.44
–
1.15
101-200 Units
30.07
28.91
–
1.16
201-300 Units
34.26
33.10
–
1.16
301-400 Units
39.15
37.99
200
1.16
401-500 Units
41.36
40.20
400
1.16
501-600 Units
42.78
41.62
600
1.16
601-700 Units
43.92
42.76
800
1.16
Above 700 Units
48.84
47.69
1000
1.15
TOU (PEAK)
48
46.85
1000
1.15
TOU (OFF – PEAK)
41.68
40.53
1.15
Q 2. What impact does the new Tariff have on Lifeline Consumers?
There is
no change
in electricity prices for Lifeline customers. This means if you fall under the Lifeline category, you will
continue to be charged the same rates as before
—there is
no increase or decrease
in your per-unit cost.
Q 3. When will the new tariff be implemented in the bills?
Per S.R.O 1168(I)/2025
issued by the Government of Pakistan, the new decrease in the base electricity tariff is effective from July 1st, 2025. The timing of its appearance on your bill depends on your billing cycle.
Q 4. What is the difference between Protected and Unprotected customers?
Protected customers
are defined as customers with sanctioned loads below 5 kW and who consume upto 200 units per month consistently for the past six months. The tariff charges of protected consumers is less than tariff charged to other unprotected consumers.
Unprotected customers
are customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW but who have consumed more than 200 units in any of the 6 months before their billing month. Their billing is based on slabs and their per unit cost of electricity is higher than protected consumers.
In addition, within protected category are also the Time of Use (ToU) customers, whose sanctioned load is exceeding 5Kw & are charged at Peak & Off-Peak rates as per Schedule of Tariff (SoT)
Q 5. Are these charges being applied only on KE customers?
In line with the Government’s Uniform Tariff Policy, the electricity prices for K-Electric customers are the same as elsewhere in the country. Please note that these electricity prices are determined by NEPRA (National Electric Power Regulatory Authority) and notified by the Government of Pakistan. K-Electric or any other DISCO cannot make any changes to the electricity prices unilaterally.
Q 6. Are there any changes to the Peak and Off-Peak timings?
There have been no changes in the peak and off-peak timings. Peak timings continue to remain:
April – October
6:30 PM – 10:30 PM
November – March
6:00 PM – 10:00 PM
Off-Peak Timings are the remaining 20 hours.
Please note that Peak and Off-Peak tariff is only applicable for customers who are billed according to Time-of-Use. These customers have a sanctioned load over 5 kW and 3-phase meters.
Electricity Tariff Revisions – 1st July 2024
Q 1. Why is my July bill higher despite same consumption as previous month / same month last year?
This may be on account of electricity tariff revision applied by the Government of Pakistan for all Discos and K-Electric, according to which base electricity tariff for Residential Customers has been increased between PKR PKR 6.12 to PKR 7.12 per unit depending on consumption category. Please note that this revision in tariffs is effective from 1st July 2024. In addition, Fixed Charges per connection have also been applied for customers using more than 300 units. For more information:
Click here
An overview of the electricity tariff changes for residential customers is given below:
Jul -Sep 24
Oct 24 onwards
Residential Tariff
Old Tariff (Rs/Unit)
New Tariff (Rs/Unit)
New Tariff (Rs/Unit)
Fixed Charges (PKR/Con/M)
PROTECTED
0 to 50 Units (Lifeline)
3.95
3.95
3.95
–
51 – 100 Units (Lifeline)
7.74
7.74
7.74
–
001 – 100 Units
7.74
7.74
11.69
–
101 – 200 Units
10.06
10.06
14.16
–
UNPROTECTED
001-100 Units
16.48
16.48
23.59
–
101-200 Units
22.95
22.95
30.07
–
201-300 Units
27.14
34.26
34.26
–
301-400 Units
32.03
39.15
39.15
200
401-500 Units
35.24
41.36
41.36
400
501-600 Units
36.66
42.78
42.78
600
601-700 Units
37.8
43.92
43.92
800
Above 700 Units
42.72
48.84
48.84
1000
TOU (PEAK)
41.89
48
48
1000
TOU (OFF – PEAK)
35.57
41.68
41.68
Q 2. What impact does the new Tariff have on Protected Customers Category? OR on customers using up to 200 units?
Per S.R.O. 1035(1)/2024 issued by the Government of Pakistan for Discos and KE effective July 1st, 2024:
No change in Tariff till September 2024:
If you use up to 200 units of electricity per month (for both protected and unprotected customers), there’s no change in your tariff rates till September 2024.
Revised Tariff rates from October 2024:
The electricity rates will be increased for both protected and unprotected customers using up to 200 units from October 1, 2024.
An overview of the electricity tariff changes for residential customers is given below:
Jul -Sep 24
Oct 24 onwards
Residential Tariff
Old Tariff (Rs/Unit)
New Tariff (Rs/Unit)
New Tariff (Rs/Unit)
Fixed Charges (PKR/Con/M)
PROTECTED
0 to 50 Units (Lifeline)
3.95
3.95
3.95
–
51 – 100 Units (Lifeline)
7.74
7.74
7.74
–
001 – 100 Units
7.74
7.74
11.69
–
101 – 200 Units
10.06
10.06
14.16
–
UNPROTECTED
001-100 Units
16.48
16.48
23.59
–
101-200 Units
22.95
22.95
30.07
–
201-300 Units
27.14
34.26
34.26
–
301-400 Units
32.03
39.15
39.15
200
401-500 Units
35.24
41.36
41.36
400
501-600 Units
36.66
42.78
42.78
600
601-700 Units
37.8
43.92
43.92
800
Above 700 Units
42.72
48.84
48.84
1000
TOU (PEAK)
41.89
48
48
1000
TOU (OFF – PEAK)
35.57
41.68
41.68
Q 3. When will the new tariff be implemented in the bills?
Per S.R.O. 1035(1)/2024 issued by the Government of Pakistan, the increase in the base electricity tariff is effective from July 1st, 2024. The timing of its appearance on your bill depends on your billing cycle:
If your July bill was generated after the official SRO announcement i.e. 12th July’24 onwards, it will reflect the revised tariff.
In case your July bill was generated before official SRO announcement i.e. before 12th July’24, the new tariff has not been applied to you and you have been billed according to the older tariff. In this case, any difference between the old and new tariff will appear as arrears in your August bill.
Q 4. What is the difference between Protected and Unprotected customers?
Protected customers
are defined as customers with sanctioned load below 5 kW and who consume upto 200 units per month consistently for the past six months. The tariff charges of protected consumers is lesser than tariff charged to other unprotected consumers.
Unprotected customers
are customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW but who have consumed more than 200 units in any of the 6 months before their billing month. Their billing is based on slabs and their per unit cost of electricity is higher than protected consumers.
Q 5. Are these charges being applied only on KE customers? Will KE customers be paying more than the rest of the country?
In line with the Government’s Uniform Tariff Policy, the electricity prices for K-Electric customers are the same as elsewhere in the country. Please note that these electricity prices are determined by NEPRA (National Electric Power Regulatory Authority) and notified by the Government of Pakistan. K-Electric or any other DISCO cannot make any changes to the electricity prices unilaterally.
Q 6. Are there any changes to the Peak and Off-Peak timings?
here have been no changes in the peak and off-peak timings. Peak timings continue to remain:
April – October
6:30 PM – 10:30 PM
November – March
6:00 PM – 10:00 PM
Off-Peak Timings are the remaining 20 hours. Please note that Peak and Off-Peak tariff is only applicable for customers who are billed according to Time-of-Use. These customers have a sanctioned load over 5 kW and 3-phase meters.
Q 7. Who has authorized these increases? Will KE benefit in any way with these increases? Where can I see notifications for the tariff changes?
Electricity prices are determined by NEPRA (National Electric Power Regulatory Authority) and notified by the Government of Pakistan. Power Distribution Companies across Pakistan do not control the end-customer price-setting process, nor do they benefit from imposition of additional surcharges and taxes. All notifications are uploaded on NEPRAs website as well as KE Website. Please refer to:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/tariff-structure/
Q 8. Why has the electricity tariff hiked?
The electricity tariff in Pakistan has increased due to several factors including rupee devaluation as the Pakistani rupee has lost significant value against the US dollar in recent months, which has increased the generation costs. Inflation has also been on the rise in Pakistan, which has put upward pressure on the cost of electricity. Moreover, to increase the demand of electricity, Government has decided to remove the burden of cross subsidy from Industrial Consumers and the portion of it has been allocated to other categories. Despite the limited fiscal space and burden of subsidy on national exchequer, the government of Pakistan has still allocated subsidy of approximately Rs. 490 billion on electricity.
Electricity Tariff Revisions – July 2023
Q 1. Why is my July bill higher despite same consumption as previous month / same month last year?
You may find that your July 2023 electricity bill is higher than the previous month or higher compared to July last year. This may be on account of electricity tariff revisions that have been applied by the Government of Pakistan for all Discos and K-Electric with effect from 1st July 2023. The biggest impact is on account of the base electricity tariff which has been increased by up to PKR 7.5 per unit. For more information:
https://www.ke.com.pk/assets/uploads/2023/07/SRO-977-dated-July-27-2023.pdf
An overview of the electricity tariff changes for residential consumers is given below:
Comparison of Old & New Base Electricity Tariff (In PKR)
Tariff Category
Old Base Tariff
Increase in base tariff
New base Tariff
Other Surcharges & Adjustments
2
What 1 unit will cost?
1
PROTECTED
Up to 50 Units (Lifeline)
3.95
0
3.95
0
3.95
51 – 100 Units (Lifeline)
7.74
0
7.74
0
7.74
001 – 100 Units
7.74
0
7.74
4.32
12.06
101 – 200 Units
10.06
0
10.06
4.32
14.38
UNPROTECTED
001 – 100 Units
13.48
3
16.48
4.22
20.7
101 – 200 Units
18.95
4
22.95
4.22
27.17
201 – 300 Units
22.14
5
27.14
4.22
31.66
301 – 400 Units
25.53
6.5
32.03
6.23
38.26
401 – 500 Units
27.74
7.5
35.24
6.23
41.47
501 – 600 Units
29.16
7.5
36.66
6.23
42.89
601 – 700 Units
30.3
7.5
37.8
6.23
44.03
Above 700 Units
35.22
7.5
42.72
6.23
48.95
TOU (PEAK)
34.39
7.5
41.89
6.23
48.12
TOU (OFF – PEAK)
28.07
7.5
35.57
6.23
41.8
1
Exclusive of Taxes and other Government Charges
2
Includes PHL Surcharge, Uniform Quarterly Adjustment and Fuel Charge Adjustments Further Tax increased from 3% to 4% vide Finance, Act, 2023 applicable on non-tax filing commercial & industrial customers. Fuel Charge Adjustments and Uniform Quarterly Adjustments are based on multiple factors including fuel prices, fuel mix, demand, Exchange rates, capacity charges and other factors. Weak rupee, increase in fuel prices, higher interest rates and dependence on imported fuels have resulted in increase in FCA and Quarterly Tariff Adjustments. These amounts are applied to bills after rigorous scrutiny by NEPRA and decisions are published on NEPRA website. As fuel prices reduce internationally and access to indigenous fuels increase, power utilities pass the benefit to consumers. Please note Fuel Charge Adjustments are variable charges that are applied by NEPRA every month. Similary, Quarterly Tariff Adjustments are applied periodically after scrutiny and approval by NEPRA. The FCA charges included in the above table are applicable for July 2023 only. While the base tariff revision was notified on 27
th
July it became effective on 1
st
July. August bills will reflect this adjustment as arrears.
Q 2. What is the revised base tariff for customers that is applicable across Pakistan from 1st July 2023? How do these tariff revisions affect the price I will pay for electricity?
The Government of Pakistan has revised the Base Electricity tariff across Pakistan for all Discos and K-Electric with effect from 1st July 2023. Accordingly, the base electricity tariff has been increased by up to PKR 7.5 per unit. With the exception of Lifeline and Protected customers, this tariff increase is applicable to all industrial, residential, commercial & other customers. For more information:
https://nepra.org.pk/tariff/Tariff/Ex-WAPDA%20DISCOS/2023/TRF-100%20Review%20filed%20by%20Federal%20Govt%2XXX-XX-2023%2019271-90.PDF
https://www.ke.com.pk/download/sro_for_discos_tariff_structure/TRF-100-XWDISCOS-KE-CORRIG.-OF-REVIEW-MOTION-27-07-2023-19644-62.pdf
The impact of these tariff revisions has been calculated for you below:
Comparison of Old & New Base Electricity Tariff (In PKR)
Tariff Category
Old Base Tariff
Increase in base tariff
New Base Tariff
Increase in %
PROTECTED
Up to 50 Units (Lifeline)
3.95
0
3.95
0%
51 – 100 Units (Lifeline)
7.74
0
7.74
0%
001 – 100 Units
7.74
0
7.74
0%
101 – 200 Units
10.06
0
10.06
0%
UNPROTECTED
001 – 100 Units
13.48
3
16.48
22%
101 – 200 Units
18.95
4
22.95
21%
201 – 300 Units
22.14
5
27.14
23%
301 – 400 Units
25.53
6.5
32.03
25%
401 – 500 Units
27.74
7.5
35.24
27%
501 – 600 Units
29.16
7.5
36.66
26%
601 – 700 Units
30.3
7.5
37.8
25%
Above 700 Units
35.22
7.5
42.72
21%
TOU (PEAK)
34.39
7.5
41.89
22%
TOU (OFF – PEAK)
28.07
7.5
35.57
27%
Q 3. What is the difference between Protected and Unprotected customers?
Protected customers
are defined as residential customers with sanctioned load below 5 kW and who consume up to 200 units for current month and six consecutive months immediately prior to the billing month. This customer category is exempted from the current base tariff hike and is entitled to protections, including subsidies.
Unprotected customers
are residential customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW but who have consumed more than 200 units in any of the 6 months before their billing month. The tariff revisions are applicable on them. Because they receive less subsidies than protected customers, their per unit cost of electricity is higher. The tariff differential for customers in protected and unprotected categories can be seen in the table below. Protected customers pay less than unprotected customers for the same electricity use on account of the higher subsidy that they receive from the government.
Difference in electricity charges for the consumption of 190 units between protected and unprotected customer categories is as below:
Q 4. Are these charges being applied only on KE customers? Will KE customers be paying more than the rest of the country?
In line with the Government’s Uniform Tariff Policy, the electricity prices for K-Electric customers are the same as elsewhere in the country. Please note that these electricity prices are determined by NEPRA (National Electric Power Regulatory Authority) and notified by the Government of Pakistan. K-Electric or any other DISCO cannot make any changes to the electricity prices unilaterally. The base tariff determination for K-Electric and other Discos is available on NEPRA website:
https://nepra.org.pk/tariff/Tariff/Ex-WAPDA%20DISCOS/2023/TRF-100%20Review%20filed%20by%20Federal%20Govt%2XXX-XX-2023%2019271-90.PDF
https://www.ke.com.pk/download/sro_for_discos_tariff_structure/TRF-100-XWDISCOS-KE-CORRIG.-OF-REVIEW-MOTION-27-07-2023-19644-62.pdf
Q 5. What are Surcharges?
NEPRA Act allows the government to impose surcharges on electricity consumers. Currently, PHL surcharge is applicable on consumers across the country. Please refer to the link on our website for FAQs regarding PHL surcharge:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/faqs/#phl_surcharge
Q 6. Are there any changes to the Peak and Off-Peak timings?
There have been no changes in the peak and off-peak timings. Peak timings continue to remain:
April – October
6:30 PM – 10:30 PM
November – March
6:00 PM – 10:00 PM
Off-Peak Timings are the remaining 20 hours. Please note that Peak and Off-Peak tariff is only applicable for customers who are billed according to Time-of-Use. These customers have a sanctioned load 5 kW or above and 3-phase meters.
Q 7. Why can I see 2 PHL charges applied in my July bill?
PHL rates have been revised from July 01, 2023 as per SRO 408(I)/2023. Read it here:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/tariff-structure/
This new surcharge of PKR 3.23/kWh replaces the previous charge of PKR 3.82/unit that was applicable from March to June 2023 on the respective consumer categories. Till the consumption of June 30, 2023, you will be charged the old rate (Read the S.R.O for the previous rates here:
https://www.nepra.org.pk/tariff/Tariff/Ex-WAPDA%20DISCOS/2023/TRF-100%20XWDISCOS%20&%20KE%20REVIEW%20FILED%20BY%20FEDERAL%20GOVT.%2XXX-XX-2023%204258-76.PDF
) whereas for the consumption from July 01, 2023 you will be charged the revised rate. Accordingly, depending on your billing cycle, your bill may show two-line items for PHL charges, one for consumption till June 30, 2023 and second for consumption from July 1, 2023 to reading date. Extract of the new and old rates is shown below:
Sample image of Bill:
* PHL stands for Power Holding Limited established for funding of power sector payables. The amount generated from the above-mentioned surcharge will be utilized to pay off the mark-up charges of PHL loans.
Q 8. Who has authorized these increases? Will KE benefit in any way with these increases? Where can I see notifications for the tariff changes?
Electricity prices are determined by NEPRA (National Electric Power Regulatory Authority) and notified by the Government of Pakistan. Power Distribution Companies across Pakistan do not control the end-customer price-setting process, nor do they benefit from imposition of additional surcharges and taxes. All notifications are uploaded on NEPRAs website as well as KE Website. Please refer to:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/tariff-structure/
Q 9. Why has the electricity tariff hiked?
The electricity tariff in Pakistan has increased due to several factors including rupee devaluation and increase in policy rates, which has increased the generation costs. Inflation has also been on the rise in Pakistan, which has put upward pressure on the cost of electricity. Further, considering the Fiscal space and burden of subsidy on national exchequer, the government of Pakistan plans to reduce subsidies for consumers on electricity. However, GoP still subsidizes consumers, specially lower end consumers.
Q 10. If I received my electricity bill before 27th July, does it include this increase? How will this tariff differential be adjusted?
While the notification for Tariff Revision was received on 27th July 2023, it is applicable from 1st July on electricity bills for Distribution Companies across Pakistan and KE. Since billing for July were generated and dispatched to customers prior to implementation of notification dated 27th July, they have been calculated based on the old tariff and the differential amount will reflect as arears in the August bill. This is what your August bill may look like:
Q 11. Why are KE’s Quarterly Tariff Adjustments different from rest of the country?
Quality Tariff Adjustments are calculated based on factors such as the Power Purchase Price and Transmission and Distribution (T&D) Losses, & Other factors and vary for each DISCO. However, considering Uniform Tariff Policy, a Uniform Quarterly Adjustment is charged to consumers across Pakistan, and any difference is usually picked up by GoP as subsidy. Quarterly Tariff Adjustments are always determined after stringent review and vetting by NEPRA and notified by the Government of Pakistan for all power companies.
Q 12. Why are KE’s Fuel Charge Adjustments different from rest of the country?
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA) is an approved adjustment allowed to electricity utilities by NEPRA on account of monthly variation in fuel prices, generation mix and volume and is passed through to customers in their monthly bills. Accordingly, there are positive as well as negative adjustments for FCA and are determined based on mechanism given in the Multi Year Tariff FCA is applied to consumers of KE as well as on all other DISCOs, however, the generation mix, and impact of other DISCOs is different. Historical Trend of FCA charged to the consumers of KE and XW-DISCOs is given below:
Q 13. Where can I learn and understand how my bill is calculated and various charges on my bill?
To see how your bill is calculated and how charges applied by NEPRA are reflected in bills here is a video that may help you understand your bill:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_73djYHWh0A
Q 14. Are these charges expected to decrease soon?
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA) are approved adjustments allowed to electricity utilities across Pakistan by NEPRA on account of monthly variation in fuel prices, generation mix and volume and is passed through to customers in their monthly bills. These are applied only after rigorous review and vetting by NEPRA. When fuel costs decline, customers benefit from a negative adjustment in their bill. Sample bill of the negative FCA passed on to customers below:
Q 15. How long will PHL charges be applied on our bills?
As per NEPRA’s SRO 408(I)2023, an Additional Surcharge (PHL) is applicable based on below rates. This surcharge will continue until further notification from NEPRA.
Q 16. Where does KE deposit the additional surcharges and taxes collected?
All Federal and Provincial Government taxes are duly deposited with the relevant entities by the power distribution companies who merely act as collecting agents and do not benefit from them in any way.
Q 17. Can I calculate what my bill will look like with all these changes?
These tariff changes may change your billing values. To help you calculate your next KE bill, please use the bill calculator here:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/tariff-structure/#tariff_calculator
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT)
Q 1. What is Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) and why is it applied on KE bill?
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) is applied by Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) and is applicable on all electricity connections in Karachi, excluding cantonment areas from August 2024 onwards. All collected tax is deposited with KMC. This tax is applied per notification issued by the Government of Sindh under Sections 96, 100, and 138 of the Sindh Local Government Act 2013 and the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation [Collection of Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes] Rules 2022. Utility Companies like KE solely acts as a collection agent. Rates applicable on customers are as follow.
S. #
Type
Category
Rs.
1
Residential
Up to 50 Units
0 Exempted
51-100 Units
0
101-200 Units
20
201-300 Units
40
301-400 Units
100
401-500 Units
125
501-600 Units
150
601-700 Units
175
700 Units and Above
300
2
General
All Categories
300
3
Commercial
All Categories
750
4
Industrial
All Categories
750
The KMC Resolution dated 11th June 2024 bearing reference no. 51 is attached below:
Q 2. From whom is this tax being collected?
This tax is applicable on all consumers of KE across Karachi except cantonment areas of the city. Parts of KE’s licensed territory beyond Karachi’s jurisdiction i.e. Hub , Uthal and Gharo are also exempted from this tax.
Q 3. Which customer is exempted from MUCT tax?
Agriculture, Street Lights, Bulk Supply consumers are exempted.
Agriculture:
Consumers predominantly engaged in agriculture activities by using land for the production or raising of crops, poultry, or livestock.
Streetlight:
supply for the purpose of illuminating public lamps.
Bulk Supply:
Supply given at one point for self-consumption not selling any other consumer such as residential, commercial, tube-well and others.
Q 4. When will tax be applicable?
MUCT will be applicable on the bills of August 2024 and onward.
Q 5. What is MUCT tax used for?
The MUCT charges are collected to fund municipal services and infrastructure development in Karachi. The revenue generated from these charges will be used by the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) to improve and maintain essential public services.
Q 6. Under what law KE is collecting these charges/tax?
Municipal Utility Charges and Taxes (MUCT) has been imposed and collected in pursuance with the KMC resolution dated 11th June 2024 and under Section[s] 96, 100 and 138 of the Local Government Act 2013, and Karachi Metropolitan Corporation [Collection of Municipality Utility Charges and Taxes] Rules 2022 as notified by the Government of Sindh.
Q 7. Where do I redirect my queries related to MUCT tax?
For any queries related to MUCT tax please contact KMC’s helpline 1339 or visit their website
kmc.gos.pk
Q 8. If MUCT is erroneously charged on my bill how do I get it rectified?
For any correction in KE bills with respect to MUCT including jurisdiction, applicable rates, etc. the consumer may approach the relevant Customer Care Centre of KE with evidence for the purpose of such correction (Consumer must provide any relevant document like tax challan, allotment letter, mutation, lease, etc.) to prove that they don’t fall under KMC jurisdiction. If applicable the amount will be adjusted in upcoming month’s bill. Please note that the address on the invoice of the relevant document should match the address on KE bill.
Q 9. Have the MUCT rates been revised? What is the new rate?
Yes, effective
July 1st, 2025
, the
Municipal Utility Charges & Taxes (MUCT)
have been revised for Commercial & Industrial Customers. The rate has increased from
PKR 400 to PKR 750
for industrial & commercial customers.
For any MUCT-related queries, please contact
KMC’s helpline 1339
or visit
kmc.gos.pk
.
Incremental Consumption Package for Industrial & Private Agricultural Electricity Consumers
Q 1. What is the Incremental Consumption Electricity Package for Industrial & Agricultural Customers?
Incremental Consumption Package
is a Government of Pakistan initiative for
Industrial and private Agricultural electricity consumers
, effective from
.
As per SRO 2409 (I) 2025 dated 10 Dec 2025, under this package, eligible consumers of
XWDISCOs and K-Electric in
both
ToU and Non-ToU
categories will get a
special reduced rate of PKR 22.98/unit
on additional consumption compared to the consumption for the benchmark period (December 2023 to November 2024) as per the mechanism provided in NEPRA’s Decision dated Dec 09, 2025.
Q 2.	Who is eligible for this package?
All industrial and private agriculture customers of KE, including both ToU and non-ToU categories (as per notified Schedule of Tariff). Wheeling Industrial consumers are also eligible and treated as new consumers for benchmark calculations.
Rate of PKR 22.98 per unit shall be applicable to Industrial and private Agricultural consumers, including both Time of Use (ToU) and Non-ToU categories of XWDISCOs and K-Electric, on their peak and off-peak incremental consumption over the corresponding reference period
The reference months for determining incremental consumption shall be from December 2023 to November 2024.
The package shall be subsidy neutral for both XW-DISCOs and KE consumers. Positive Fuel Cost Adjustments (FCAs) shall be applicable to eligible consumers on incremental consumption, Further, Quarterly Tariff Adjustments (QTAs), Debt Service Surcharge (DSS) and negative Fuel Cost Adjustments (FCAs) shall not be applicable on incremental consumption for eligible consumers.
Net-metering consumers will be eligible for the package, if and only if there is excess import by the consumer for the current month in the respective peak and off-peak periods (Net meter consumer’s reference consumption will be based on imported units only). However, their incremental consumption will be capped on the net imported units (Imports minus Export during current month). Additionally, the incremental consumption shall be distributed among peak/off-peak periods on a pro-rata basis of incremental units
Further details regarding the implementation of package can be accessed from NEPRA’s decision (Para 70 onwards of the decision)
Q 3.	Will the reduced rate apply to the entire electricity bill?
No, the reduced rate is only applicable to the incremental consumption by industrial and private agricultural consumers including both Time of Use (ToU) and Non-ToU categories on their peak and off-peak incremental consumptions over corresponding reference period.
Q 4.	What is "incremental consumption"?
In the given situation, "Incremental consumption" is defined as electricity consumption above the historic baseline consumption as set in benchmarking.
In this case, “historic” means your electricity use from
Dec 2023 to Nov 2024
. This past data is compared to your current month’s usage.
For example, your incremental benchmark for
December 2025
will be based on how many units you used in
December 2023
.
Q 5.	Who is eligible for this package?
All industrial and private agriculture customers of KE, including both ToU and non-ToU consumers.
Wheeling consumers are also eligible and treated as new consumers for benchmark calculations.
Q 6.	What period is used to calculate my baseline usage?
Your usage from December 2023 to November 2024 is used as your reference baseline for each particular month.
Q 7.	How is my benchmark consumption calculated?
Criteria for Calculation of Benchmark Consumption
Existing Consumers
(Reference consumption available for all months)
(Reference Consumption for particular month) * (1 + 2.8%)ⁿ
Existing Consumers
(Reference consumption not available for any month)
New Consumers
(Consumers having connection date after reference month)
(MDI for the relevant month) * Total Hrs of
Relevant Month * (Load Factor (%) of particular consumer category) * (1 + 2.8%)ⁿ
Existing Consumer with Sanctioned Load (SL) Enhancement
after reference month
(Reference Consumption for particular month) * (1 + 2.8%)ⁿ
+
((Higher of MDI for the relevant month or New Sanctioned load) – Old SL)
* Total Hrs of Relevant Month * (Load Factor (%) of particular consumer category)
* (1 + 2.8%)ⁿ
n = Relevant year of package application (1, 2, or 3)
MDI = Maximum Demand Indicator of the respective consumer for the given month
Hrs = Number of hours in the given month
Load Factor = Load factor as provided in the consumer service manual (as updated from time to time)
Load Factors as per NEPRA
S.No
CATEGORY OF CONNECTION
Load factor to be charged
INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY
1
B-1 except for ice factories, Cold Storage, Plastic Molding, Rice shellers
40%
2
B-2 except Ice Factories, Cold Storage, Plastic Molding, Rice shellers
50%
3
Ice factory, Cold Storage
70%
4
Plastic Molding Industry, Rice Sheller
50%
5
B-3 Textile Mills and Steel Furnaces Melting industry and all other continuous industry
60%
6
Other normal industry like Engineering Works
50%
7
Flour Mills B-2 & B-3
40%
8
B-4
50%
TUBEWELLS
9
Agricultural Tubewells installed in perennial area
15%
10
Agricultural Tubewells installed in non-perennial area/river belts
50%
11
Scarp Tubewells
50%
Note: Load Factor for B4 consumers would be used as reference for B5 consumers.
Q 8.	Does the rate apply on both Peak and Off-Peak?
Yes. The PKR 22.98 per unit rate applies to all incremental units regardless of Peak or Off-Peak timing.
Q 9.	What if I do not have consumption history?
If no historical data exists (new connection/zero units), KE will calculate your benchmark as per NEPRA’s determined formula using MDI and load factors.
Q 10.	Are net-metering customers eligible?
Yes, if they have excess net imports in the month. However, their Incremental units will be capped on net imported units (Imported Units – Exported Units).
Only current month imports are considered and should not include any carry forward adjustment.
Additionally, the incremental consumption shall be distributed among peak/off-peak periods on a pro-rata basis of incremental units
Q 11.	How long is this package valid?
The package is effective for 3 years i.e till November  2028.
Q What are the terms & conditions for this package?
Following are the terms and conditions as prescribed in the determination:
Terms & Conditions
The reference period for calculation shall be from
December 2023 to November 2024
.
This package shall be applicable only to
industrial and private agricultural tariff categories
(as per notified Schedule of Tariff).
If consumption record for a specific consumer is not available or shows
zero reference consumption
, then benchmark consumption criteria for
new consumers
will be applied for the respective period.
In case of
any change in tariff category
or a shift from
Non-ToU to ToU
after the reference month, the consumer shall be considered as a
new consumer
. However, the consumer changing slabs within the same category shall not be considered as a new consumer, and for benchmark consumption calculation, the formula of existing consumer with sanction load enhancement will be used.
If the consumer’s
status was disconnected
or the
meter was defective
during the benchmark consumption calculation period, then benchmark consumption criteria for
new consumers
will be applied for the respective period.
If the status of consumer is
defective or locked
during the current billing month, the consumer shall
not be eligible
for the incentive.
Detection units
shall not be used for benchmark consumption calculation nor for incremental units calculation.
Dial Adjustment effect
(correction of reading other than detection) will be applied for calculation of benchmark period consumption.
All
Captive Power Plants (CPPs)
will be considered as new consumers for benchmark consumption calculations.
If the meter of a specific consumer
cannot record MDI
, then only the
Sanctioned Load
shall be used for calculation of benchmark consumption, where applicable.
The load factors to be used for calculation of benchmark consumption are provided separately for reference.
Duties and taxes
shall be calculated on the consumer’s payable amount.
Net-metering consumers
will be eligible for the package
only if
there is
excess import
by the consumer for the current month in the respective peak and off-peak periods (reference consumption for net-metering consumers will be based on
imported units only
).
Incremental consumption will be capped on the
net imported units
(Imports minus Exports during current month).
Incremental consumption will be distributed across peak/off-peak units on a
pro-rata basis
.
Wheeling consumers
shall  also be eligible for this package and will be considered as new consumers for the purpose of benchmark consumption calculations.
No Tariff Differential Subsidy (TDS)
shall be claimed on incremental consumption under this scheme.
Advance Payments
Q 1. Is there a way where I can make an advance payment for my electricity bill?
Yes, currently KE offers the facility of making an advance bill payment to its Star Customers only. (Customer who have regularly paid their electricity bills for 11/12 months). You may call 118 or email
Customer.care@ke.com.pk
to request for an advance payment bill.
Q 2. What is the eligibility criteria to apply for an advanced bill?
Eligibility criteria for getting an advance payment bill is as follow:
You must be a Star Customer. (Customer who have regularly paid their electricity bills for 11/12 months)
Advance payment billing amount > last current bill amount.
No outstanding balance at the time of advance bill generation.
You must apply for an advance bill at least 7 days prior to the bill generation date. You can check your bill generation date on the top right of your bill.
Q 3. How can I make an advance bill payment?
Call 118 or email
Customer.care@ke.com.pk
to apply for an advance payment, our customer care representative will get in touch with you within 24hrs & guide you through the eligibility criteria, if you’re an eligible customer, (refer to FAQ2 to see eligibility criteria) your advance bill will be generated and shared with you via Email/WhatsApp.
Q 4. Would I still receive a bill on my actual bill generation date OR If I have paid more/less than the expected bill amount how will the remaining amount be adjusted?
yes, you shall receive your bill as per your actual bill generation date but with an adjustment which you can find at the back of your bill. If the advance paid is greater than the billed amount, then you will receive a bill which shall state “Payment not required” and the additional amount will be adjusted in your next bill.
If the advance paid is less than the billed amount, you must pay the additional amount.
Q 5. How soon will my payment against the advance bill be updated in bank records?
The advance payment bill will be updated in banks within 24 to 48 hours.
Q 6. What is the available mode of payments?
Consumers can pay their bills through two options according to their convenience:
By visiting nearest bank.
Via Internet Banking (Meezan/Askari)
Alfa Payment Gateway - Buy Now Pay Later
Key Features
Tenure options:
3, 6, 9, and 12 months
Eligibility:
Credit card must be at least 3 months old
Minimum transaction amount:
PKR 3,000 and above
Markup:
Shariah-compliant (no interest)
Processing fee:
Applicable as per selected tenure
Separate BNPL limit:
Does not impact your regular credit card limit
General Details
Q1. What is Alfa BNPL?
BNPL (Buy Now, Pay Later) is a Shariah-compliant installment facility that allows you to pay your K-Electric bill in easy monthly installments instead of a lump sum.
Q2. Which instalment plans are available?
You can choose from 3, 6, 9, or 12-month installment plans.
Q3. Who is eligible for Alfa BNPL?
All Bank Alfalah credit card holders whose cards have been active for at least 3 months are eligible.
Q4. What is the minimum bill amount required?
The minimum transaction amount for BNPL is PKR 3,000.
Q5. Will BNPL affect my credit card limit?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q6. Is there any markup or interest?
No, BNPL transactions are booked against a separate limit and do not reduce your regular credit card limit.
Q7. How does the repayment work?
The first installment is charged upfront at the time of transaction, and the remaining amount is divided into equal monthly installments over your selected tenure.
Q8. Can I choose my tenure?
Yes, you can select your preferred tenure (3, 6, 9, or 12 months) at the time of payment.
Q9. Are there any additional charges?
Only a one-time processing fee applies based on the selected tenure. No hidden charges.
Processing Fee Structure
Tenure
Processing Fee
3 months
8%
6 months
13%
9 months
19%
12 months
24%
Payment Stamp on E-bills
Q 1. What is this new “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid and allows customers to keep track of their payments, eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting. It also makes it easier for customers to transition to the convenience of e-billing. Learn more about e-billing
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
Q 2. How will this “Paid” stamp on e-bills benefit me?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid allowing you to:
Keep track of your payments
Eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting
Conveniently shift to e-billing (
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
)
and never worry about filing
Cut down your paper footprint and help save trees and water
Q 3. Why are their two different types of payment stamps on KE bills?
The type of digital stamp on the KE bill depends on the payment amount.
“Paid” stamp is Green and indicates that the exact bill amount for the month has been paid
“Payment Received” stamp is Blue and indicates that the payment received against the current bill may be different from the amount mentioned on the bill.
These stamps provide customers with a clear visual indicator of their bill status and payment history averting any confusion or disputes.
Q 4. What information is displayed on the stamp?
The stamp contains the:
Status: “Paid” or “Payment Received” respectively indicate whether the amount paid is the same or different from the amount mentioned on the bill
Amount Paid: The exact amount that was paid at the payment channel
Payment Date: The date that the payment was made to the payment channel
Payment ID details: Mentions the transaction ID against which the payment may be tracked
Q 5. Will a digital stamp be reflected on a bill even if payment is made through physical channels?
Regardless of the mode of payment, once payment is processed, the payment stamp will automatically be applied to the customer’s KE bill. You can confirm at any time by downloading the e-bill which carries the payment stamp from the KE website, WhatsApp, Live App, IVR or SMS.
Q 6. For how many months can I view the digital stamp on my paid KE bills after they have been paid?
You can access your historic KE bills for up to 6 months from the KE Live App, KE WhatsApp and KE website. Any paid bills during this period will carry the relevant payment stamp.
Q 7. When is the stamp placed after payment?
Once the payment is reflected on KE System, you will be able to view digital stamp against your KE bill through any digital channel from next day.
Q 8. What if I have paid the bill after due date?
Stamp will be reflected against the month for which the bill has been paid regardless of whether the amount is paid within due date or after due date.
Q 9. If my bill payments are on installment/scheme/advance/token, will my paid bill show the digital stamp?
Whether bill payments are on installments/schemes/advances/tokens, the relevant digital stamp will still be reflected against your KE bill subject to payment being received by KE.
Q 10. I have paid the bill but still digital stamp is not reflected against my bill?
It typically takes 2-3 days for respective payment platforms to share payment information with KE. Once payment is confirmed to KE, you should be able to view the digital stamp on your bill the next day.
Q 11. My stamp is not reflecting even after 3-4 days?
If your digital stamp is not reflecting on your bill even after 3-4 days, please contact KE’s customer service for support. Email us with the Subject “Cash Missing” to
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. We will ensure resolution of the issue.
Q 12. Is there any specific tariff/amount/cases on which digital stamp will not be reflected against paid bill?
Digital stamp will be reflected against all paid bills for each month irrespective of any tariff, amount, category or case.
Q 13. Why am I not seeing the Payment stamp on my e-bill?
It typically takes 2-3 days for respective payment platforms to share payment information with KE. Once payment is confirmed to KE, you should be able to view the digital stamp on your e-bill the next day. If your digital stamp is not reflecting on your e-bill even after 3-4 days, email to
customer.care@ke.com.pk
with the Subject “Cash Missing”. If your bill remained unpaid for 30 or more days after its issue date & the bill of next month is also generated, then the payment stamp will not appear against the previously unpaid bill.
Naya Bill – Hara Qadam
Q 1. Why has KE resized my bill? OR What is “Naya Bill – Hara Qadam”?
Climate change is impacting our environment in unprecedented ways, and the need of the hour is to move from ambition to action. KE has taken a pioneering step within Pakistan’s power sector to address climate change by introducing its new “Hara bill,” an effective and environmentally friendlier way of communicating vital billing information to customers from the month of November. From November 2022 onwards, 3.7 million KE bills have been resized to A5 from A4, while there are no changes to the details of your monthly power consumption. Reducing the size of our bill to half its half its former size halves the environmental footprint and prevents 92 tonnes of paper-based waste from entering Karachi’s landfills, preserves 4200 trees and saves 265 million liters of water annually.
Q 2. How is resizing the bill helping the environment?
Paper production is one of the world’s top industrial processes and globally consumes precious natural resources while ultimately ending up in landfills. Our “Hara Qadam” halves the environmental footprint of KE’s bills and sets a precedent for industry players to follow. Each month we issue 3.7 million electricity bills and resizing these to A5 from A4 will yield an annual impact of:
Preserving 4200 trees and off-setting 94 tonnes of CO2
Saving 265 million liters of water
Preventing 92 tonnes of paper-based waste from entering Karachi’s landfills
Q 3. How have you measured the environmental impact stated in FAQ 2?
The environmental benefits of our Hara Qadam have been derived from based on
ISO 14040/14044 standards
.
Q 4. The size of the bill has been halved, has any information on the bill changed?
The size of the bill has been halved without any changes to the components of your electricity consumption. Rest assured that you will continue to receive the same level of detailed transparency on your electricity bill, that you have relied on previously.
Q 5. Is paper a large contributor to environmental degradation?
Paper accounts for around 26% of total waste at landfills while paper production causes deforestation, uses enormous amounts of energy and water, and contributes to air pollution and waste problems. Learn more at
https://www.theworldcounts.com/stories/paper-waste-facts
Our “Hara Qadam” halves the environmental footprint of KE’s bills and sets a precedent for industry players to follow.
Q 6. Why is KE still printing the bills? OR Why does KE not shift to e-billing?
Printed electricity bills are a regulatory requirement however we strongly encourage all our digitally-enabled customers to opt for e-billing as not only does it nullify the environmental impact of bill printing and delivery, it also simplifies storage and accessibility for our customers. When customers subscribe for e-bills, their paper bills are discontinued and they receive their electricity bills via email. While our Hara Qadam initiative halves the environmental footprint of paper bills, we invite you to take the next step in environmental sustainability by subscribing to e-billing
HERE
Q 7. If I have subscribed for e – bill, will I also get a hardcopy of the bill?
Once you subscribe for e-billing, then upcoming physical copies of your bill will be discontinued and replaced with both SMS and emails. Customers may also discontinue e-billing at any time by emailing at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
Q 8. Is KE’s current bill environmentally friendly?
KE’s electricity bills are made of recyclable paper & the ink is derived from vegetable oil, which is also biodegradable. By halving the size of the bill, we have also halved its former environmental impact. But being truly sustainable, requires a shift to a paperless billing future and for this we need your support. By subscribing for e-billing today, you will be part of conserving the earth’s natural resources, while having the convenience of accessing you bills and payment history anytime, anywhere. Subscribe to e-billing
HERE
.
Q 9. If I print a copy of my bill at home, will that also be A5?
While the KE bill has been resized to A5 to conserve natural resources, however the online bills will continue to remain A4. Customers may opt for the print size according to their convenience and printer settings.
Q 10. I’m having difficulty in reading my bill. What other options do I have?
While all effort has been made to ensure that the resized bill does not compromise on content and legibility, customers who may need additional support, can opt for e-billing as an alternate. The online bill size has been maintained and can also be zoomed in for reading convenience. Click
HERE
to subscribe to e-billing. Alternately you can also download your duplicate bill via KE Live App or KE WhatsApp.
Q 11. Will the resized bill have a cost impact on my electricity bill?
While the resized bill has no direct or indirect financial impact on your electricity bills, it does reduce the environmental cost of paper billing. Benefits of paper billing include:
Preserving 4200 trees and off-setting 94 tonnes of CO2
Saving 265 million liters of water
Preventing 92 tonnes of paper-based waste from entering Karachi’s landfills
Tariff Changes Applicable Per SRO 1004 & SRO 1175
Q 1. What are the applicable effective dates of each SRO (SROs 1004 & 1175)?
The effective dates are tabulated below:
SRO 1004
July 07, 2022
SRO 1175
July 25, 2022
Q 2. What are the tariff changes for residential customers per SRO 1004 and SRO 1175 as notified by Ministry of Energy?
Per SRO 1004 by Ministry of Energy, Residential Tariff Slabs and Calculation Methodology were revised for Residential customers billed under the Slab model from July 07, 2022. Click
HERE
to see the SRO.
Prior to this SRO, one-slab benefit for Unprotected category was allowed and consumption was divided in current and one previous slab. This mechanism has now been withdrawn & consumption will be charged within a single slab only. SRO 1004 has now been superseded by SRO 1175 which was notified by the Ministry of Energy for customers of K-Electric from July 25, 2022 onwards wherein the tariff rates have been further revised. Based on this SRO, tariff has been revised for all Residential customer categories i.e. customers billed under Consumption Slab model and customers billed under the Time of Use model. Click
HERE
to see the SRO. Per the SRO which ensures uniformity of tariffs across Pakistan, electricity prices per unit for residential customers billed under the Unprotected slabs and the Time of Use mode will increase on July 25, 2022, followed by subsequent revision on August 01, 2022 and October 01, 2022.
Q 3. Are these tariff changes, notified by the Ministry of Energy per SRO 1175, also applicable to other customer categories like Commercial and Industrial customers?
Per SRO 1175 which was notified by the Ministry of Energy for customers of K – Electric from July 25, 2022 onwards, revised tariffs are applicable for all customer categories including Commercial, Industrial and Residential. Click
HERE
to see the SRO. Accordingly, electricity prices per unit for all the customers (excluding Protected consumers) will increase from July 25, 2022, followed by subsequent revision on 1st August 2022 and 1st October 2022.
Q 4. How will I know whether I am billed under the Slab model or under the Time of Use model?
Per Tariff terms and conditions approved by NEPRA, Residential customers with sanctioned load below 5 kW are billed based on their consumption slab according to Tariff rates notified by the Government of Pakistan. [You can check your sanctioned load on the top right corner on the back of the KE bill].
Similarly, your bill calculation [on the back of the bill] will clearly mention units consumed and the slab that they have been billed under:
Residential customers whose Sanctioned Load is 5kW or above are billed under a Time of Use mode. As such your bill calculation will show your electricity unit consumption based on Peak and Off-Peak hours.
Q 5. What does Time of Use mode of billing mean?
This is the application of tariff according to the time in which energy is consumed. These rates vary by time of day: more expensive during peak demand hours and less expensive during low demand periods. TOU has been implemented across all Distribution Companies (DISCOs) across Pakistan to encourage responsible consumer consumption and ease the strain of energy usage during maximum demand periods. Billing for eligible customers will be based on their consumption during peak/off-peak hours which are as per below:
Q 6. I am a Residential Customer billed according to the Slab Model. How will my electricity bill be calculated for July to October with these Tariff changes? OR Why am I seeing multiple tariff entries on my July electricity bill calculation?
As both SRO 1004 and SRO 1175 have been notified by Ministry of Energy for Slab-based Residential Customers for July, your electricity bill for July may look a little different than usual. You may see at least two and up to three separate tariff entries on account of SROs
1429
,
1004
and
1175
respectively. Click on the hyperlinks to check these SROS. Your consumption prior to July 07, 2022 has been charged per the previous slab structures under SRO 1429 dated November 5, 2021 & one slab benefit has been provided for this consumption. Consumption from July 07 to July 24, 2022 has been charged according to the revised slabs and calculation methodology per SRO 1004 by the Ministry of Energy notified on July 07, 2022. Your energy consumption has now been calculated without benefit of one slab as the same has been withdrawn. However, protected residential consumers (excluding lifeline consumers) will still get one slab benefit. Consumption from July 25 to July 31, 2022 will be charged according to the revised tariff slabs per SRO 1175 which was notified by Ministry of Energy on July 25, 2022. The removal of slab benefit implemented through SRO 1004 will be continued.
Q 7. I am a Residential Customer billed according to the Slab Model. How will my bill be calculated now with the revised Tariff & Calculation methodology?
Per SRO 1429(I)/2021 applicable till July 06, 2022, residential customers billed under the Slab mode received one slab benefit by being billed in 2 slabs. The calculation for 310 units with the slab benefit looked like:
Residential Tariff Slab calculation methodology has been changed per SRO 1004 notified by Ministry of Energy on July 07, 2022 and the benefit of one previous slab has been withdrawn for Unprotected Residential customers. The calculation for 310 units without the slab benefit will look like:
In addition, tariff rates have been revised per SRO 1175 which was notified by Ministry of Energy on July 25, 2022. The calculation for 310 units of electricity for July, August and October will now be:
Q 8. I am a Residential Customer billed according to the Time of Use Model. How will my electricity bill be calculated for July to October with these Tariff changes? OR Why am I seeing multiple tariff entries on my July electricity bill calculation?
As both SRO 1004 and SRO 1175 have been notified by Ministry of Energy, , your electricity bill for the month of July may look a little different than usual. You may see at least two and up to three separate tariff entries on account of SROs
1429
,
1004
and
1175
respectively. Click on the hyperlinks to check these SROS. Your consumption up to July 24, 2022 has been charged per the Time of Use tariff under SRO 1429 and SRO 1004 (the ToU rates are same in both the SROs) which is
Consumption from 25th July onwards will be charged according to the revised tariff slabs per SRO 1175
Q 9. I am a Residential Customer billed according to the TIME OF USE Model. How will my bill be calculated now under the revised Tariffs for July onwards?
Customers are billed under the Time of Use model through special TOU meters installed at their premises. These track electricity consumption during both Peak and Off-peak hours. These units are then respectively billed against applicable Peak and Off-peak tariffs per the applicable SROs. Time of Use rates under SRO 1429 and SRO 1175 (ToU rates were same in both the SROs) were applicable for TOU Residential Customers till July 24, 2022. Electricity charges under these SROs for 95 Peak-hour units and 435 Off-Peak hour units looked like:
Time of Use rates been revised per SRO 1175 which was notified by Ministry of Energy on July 25, 2022. Electricity charges under this SRO for 95 Peak-hour units and 435 Off-Peak hour units for July, August & September, and October will now be:
Q 10. What is One Slab Benefit?
One slab benefit refers to the billing mechanism where the total units of electricity consumed are divided into two slabs i.e., the current slab and one previous slab. As an example, the calculation for 310 units of electricity with one slab benefit was:
Per SRO 1004 notified by Ministry of Energy dated July 7, 2022, with the removal of one slab benefit the total consumption will be billed in current slab only. The calculation for 310 units of electricity with withdrawal of one slab benefit will now be:
The tariff rates have been further revised on July 25, 2022 as per SRO 1175.
Q 11. Who are Protected and Unprotected customers?
As per Tariff Terms & Conditions approved by NEPRA and notified by GoP dated November 5, 2021 “Protected customers” refers to Non-ToU Residential customers consuming less than or equal to 200 units per month consistently for the past 6 months. All other Non-ToU Residential customers (with sanctioned load below 5 kW) who don’t fall under the protected category would be categorized as Unprotected Customers as per the Tariff Terms & Conditions.
Q 12. Are the Tariff revisions per SRO 1175 notified by Ministry of Energy applicable?
The revised tariff rates per SRO 1175 are applicable on all the consumers of K-Electric effective from July 25, 2022.
Q 13. With these tariff changes increasing my monthly electricity bill, what are some immediate steps that I can take to reduce my electricity consumption?
We know these are difficult times; that’s why we wanted to give notice before these costs are seen on bills so that you can take necessary conservation steps to reduce their impact. It is important to emphasise that reducing energy wastage and conserving electricity are proven routes to controlling your bill. Follow @KElectricpk on Facebook for energy conservation tips and tricks. For customers billed under the TOU mode, consciously limiting non-essential consumption (operating water-motors, ironing clothes etc.) during Peak-hours can make a big difference to your electricity bills. Further, to support customers during this time, we are partnering with various financial entities to offer rebates and various flexible payment options that may support during this time.
Tariff Changes Applicable Per SRO 1175 for Industrial Customers
Zero-Rated Industrial Support Package (ISPA)
Q 1. what is the recent change in the Zero-Rated Industrial Support Package (ISPA) provided by Government of Pakistan?
Per direction by Government of Pakistan dated September 10, 2021, Export oriented industries were provided relief by restricting their electricity rates to
US 9 cents per kWh
till June 30, 2022. With no further extension by GoP, this relief was discontinued with effect from
1st July 2022
, and Export-oriented Industries were charged as per their actual tariff categories for the month of July 2022. However, based on the letter of GoP dated August 12, 2022, the relief of concessionary tariff has been implemented again restricting the electricity rates to
US 9 cents per kWh
effective 1st August 2022
.
Q 2. I fall under the category of Zero-Rated industry per definition stated above, why am not getting the benefit of electricity rates fixed @US cent 9 per kWh?
Effective January 1, 2021, a standard operating procedure (SOP) was devised and notified on December 30, 2020 by FBR after due as per ECC direction dated Dec 2, 2020 in consultation with Ministry of Commerce and other stakeholders for registration of new manufacturers for concessionary tariff rates (i.e. US 9 cents per kWh). Main features of the SOP are as under:
For new registration, applicants may apply through their representative Associations (for e.g: APTMA, PTEA, PHMA etc.).
The Association, after proper verification, may forward the application to the Export-Oriented Sector Registration Cell (ESRC) of FBR, as per specified format duly signed by Chairman Association.
ESRC after due examination and re-verification shall forward the application to the Ministry of Commerce while any discrepancy, if any, identified by ESRC shall be referred to FBR field teams.
On receipt of direction from Ministry, DISCOs shall charge the concessionary tariff in case the taxpayer is an active taxpayer. Standard tariff would be charged if the taxpayer is not an active taxpayer for the relevant period.
Any taxpayer not registered with respective Association may approach FBR field teams for verification of its business particulars and for onward submission of report to ESRC.
The newly enrolled taxpayer shall be entitled to avail concessionary tariff prospectively.
Q 3. Is this change applicable nationally?
Yes, these changes are applicable nationally based on GoP’s uniform tariff policy subject to approval of Federal Government and the above SOP.
Q 4. What will be the change in my tax liability with the increase in the tariff amount?
Your tax liability will also be increased as per your electricity consumption.
Per SRO 1175 for Industrial Customers
Q 5. What are the tariff changes for Industrial customers per SRO 1175 as notified by Ministry of Energy?
Per SRO 1175 notified the by Ministry of Energy on 25th July 2022, Consumer Tariffs and Fixed charges calculation methodology have been revised for all Industrial customer categories (B1, B2, B3, B4 & B5). Accordingly, electricity prices per unit increase from 25th July 2022, followed by subsequent revisions on 1st August 2022 and 1st October 2022. Click
HERE
to see the SRO.
In addition to this tariff notification, two additional changes will impact industrial customers bills from July onwards.
Removal of Peak Hour Relief for Industrial consumers:
Industrial customers were provided relief in form of charging their
Peak Hours utilization at Off-Peak Rates
nationally. This relief was initially effective from 1st November 2020, till 30th April 2021; it was further extended till 30th June 2022 by NEPRA’s decision dated June 17, 2021. As there has been no further notice of extension,
with effect from 1st July 2022
, Industrial customers across Pakistan will be charged at the
Peak Rate for their Peak hours utilization
. This change will reflect in the July bill onwards.
Removal of Zero-Rated Industrial Support Package (ZRISPA):
Per direction by Government of Pakistan dated 10th September 2021, export-oriented industries nationally were provided relief by restricting their electricity rates to
US cent 9 per kWh
till June 30, 2022. With no further extension by GoP, this support has been discontinued with effect from
1st July 2022
, and Export-oriented Industries will now be charged as per their actual tariff categories, until any further notice by GoP.
Q 6. What is the change in the Fixed Charge mechanism for Industrial customers per SRO 1175 as notified by Ministry of Energy?
Per SRO 1175 dated 25th July 2022, both the applicable rates of Fixed Charges and the charging mechanism have been revised. Fixed charges will now be charged based on either
Maximum demand in the month or 50% of sanctioned load, whichever is higher
. In case where fixed charges will be based on above mechanism, “fixed minimum charges” will be removed. For B1 Customers, there will be a fixed minimum charge of PKR 350 per month, same as in previous SRO.
For B1 consumers there shall be a fixed minimum charge of Rs. 350 per month.
The applicable fixed charges shall be billed based on 50% of the sanctioned load or Actual MDI for the month whichever is higher. In such case there would be no minimum monthly charges even if no energy is consumed
Q 7. Are these changes applicable nationally?
Yes, these changes are applicable nationally based on GoP’s uniform tariff policy.
Q 8. Who was entitled to the Peak Industrial relief announced by the Government of Pakistan?
This relief was applicable on industrial customers having TOU tariff, falling into any of the following categories i.e., B1, B2 B3 B4 & B5.
Q 9. For how long the newly announced rates will stay in effect?
Peak subsidy was approved till June 30, 2022. As there has been no further extension in the peak hour relief provided to Industrial electricity customers, accordingly these customers will be charged Peak and Off-Peak rates from July 1, 2022.
Q 10. What will be the rates for peak hours for industrial customers from July 2022 onwards?
Peak subsidy was approved till June 30, 2022. As there has been no further extension in peak subsidy, Industrial Customers (ToU) will be billed according to the below Time of Use (ToU) Tariff
From 1st – 6th July, SRO 1429 was applicable, the industrial rates of which are same as mentioned in SRO 1004 dated July 7th 2022
From July 7th – 24th July per SRO 1004, applicable Tariff will be
From July 25th onwards per SRO 1175, applicable tariff will be
For B1 consumers there shall be a fixed minimum charge of Rs. 350 per month.
The applicable fixed charges shall be billed based on 50% of the sanctioned load or Actual MDI for the month whichever is higher. In such case there would be no minimum monthly charges even if no energy is consumed
Q 11. Which export-oriented industries are Zero-Rated?
Five export sectors namely Textile, Carpet, Leather, Sports and Surgical Goods fall under the Zero Rated category.
Q 12. Who can I contact in case of any questions?
In case of any query, you may visit nearest Customer Care Centre or contact us at
tariff.helpdesk@ke.com.pk
Q 13. The tariff has been erroneously applied to my bill, what can I do about this?
In case you feel that the tariff has been erroneously applied on your electricity bill, please immediately visit your closest Customer Care Centre for correction of the bill. Alternatively, you may write to us at
tariff.helpdesk@ke.com.pk
. We will aim to rectify any mistake within 10 working days.
Rationalization of Tariff for XWDISCOs & KE
Revision of Schedule of Tariff (SOT) & Fixed Charges
Q 1. Has the Tariff been revised?
The Government of Pakistan via SRO No. 279 (I)/2026 dated 12
th
Feb 2026 has
revised the structure of electricity tariffs for certain categories.
For Residential Consumers
: Restructuring of
Fixed
Charges
from Rs / Conn / Month to (Rs/kW/Month) alongside revision in existing Variable per-unit (kWh) Charges
For Industrial Consumers
: revision of Variable per-unit (kWh) Charges
Q 2. What are Fixed Charges & why are they revised?
Fixed charges are monthly charges applied for maintaining your electricity connection and grid availability, regardless of how many units you consume.
Electricity supply involves significant fixed costs, such as:
Power generation capacity
Transmission and distribution networks
System maintenance and operations
Q 3. Which customers are affected by Fixed Charges with respect to updated SRO?
With respect to SRO 279, fixed charges for only residential consumers will be changed. The fixed charges will now be billed on Rs / KW/ Month instead of Rs / Con / Month as per the revised rates as mentioned in SRO.
Q 4.	Are there any customers exempted from the Fixed Charges.
Yes, only Lifeline Residential Customers remain exempt.
Q 5.	Are Fixed Charges dependant on my monthly consumption?
Fixed Charges applicable rate depends on the slab of units consumed, Sanction Load and MDI. For example, if a your monthly consumption exceeds 500 units, you will be charged 675 / KW / Month.
Q 6.	Does this mean electricity has become more expensive?
Not necessarily.
In case of residential consumers, fixed charges have been applied whereas variable charges have been decreased in certain slabs, so after a particular consumption, the overall bill is expected to be reduced.
In case of Industrial Consumers, the variable charges per unit have decreased in certain slabs, so the overall bill is expected to be reduced.
Q 7.	What is the revised Schedule of Tariffs for Residential & Industrial Customers?
As per SRO 279(1)/2026, the SoT for Residential and Industrial Consumers of K-Electric is given below
Q 8.	How are fixed charges calculated for Residential – Non-TOU customers?
Fixed charges for Non-Time of Use (Non-TOU) residential customers are calculated based on sanctioned load.
Consumption Slab
Fixed Charge Rate Rs (kW / month)
Up to 50 Units (Lifeline)
0
51–100 Units (Lifeline)
0
1–100 Units (Protected)
200
101–200 Units (Protected)
300
1–100 Units (Unprotected)
275
101–200 Units
300
201–300 Units
350
301–400 Units
400
401–500 Units
500
501 Units & above
675
Fixed Charge = Sanctioned Load (kW) × Applicable Fixed Charge Rate (Rs/kW/month)
Example:
Sanctioned Load = 5 kW
Applicable Fixed Charge Rate = Rs 350/kW/month
Monthly Fixed Charge = 5 × 350 = Rs 1,750
Q 9.	How are fixed charges calculated for Residential – TOU customers?
Fixed charges for Time of Use (TOU) residential customers are applied on the higher of:
• 50% of sanctioned load, OR
• Maximum Demand Indicator (MDI)
ToU Category
Fixed Charge Rs (kW / month)
ToU – Peak / Off Peak
675
Fixed Charge = Applicable Load × Applicable Fixed Charge Rate (Rs/kW/month)
Example:
Sanctioned Load = 6 kW
50% of Sanctioned Load = 3 kW
MDI recorded = 4 kW
Higher of MDI or 50% of Sanction Load = 4 KW
Fixed Charge = 4 × 675 = Rs 2,700
Q 10.	Are fixed charges applicable for temporary connections?
Yes. Temporary connections will also be charged fixed charges
Q 11. Does this tariff apply to K-Electric customers?
Yes. The Government maintains a
uniform electricity tariff across Pakistan
, including for K-Electric customers. The revised tariff structure applies to K-Electric customers as notified under
SRO No. 279 (I)/2026
dated 12
th
Feb 2026.
Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA)
Q 1. What are Fuel Charge Adjustments?
Fuel Prices used for electricity generation are volatile and are influenced by global supply-demand, dynamics of international and local commodity markets and macroeconomic factors. In addition to fuel price movements, the overall cost of electricity generation is also affected by changes in generation mix (i.e. relative share of different fuel sources) and the volume of electricity generated during any given month.
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA)
is an approved regulatory mechanism by NEPRA that allows electricity utilities to recover (or refund) the costs based on variation in fuel prices, changes in generation mix and volume used to generate electricity.
FCA may be positive or negative depending on whether weighted average fuel costs per unit incurred during a given month are higher or lower than the weighted average reference fuel costs for the same month as approved in the tariff. These adjustments are reviewed and approved by NEPRA and subsequently passed onto consumers through electricity bills, usually with a time lag.
For example, FCA pertaining to electricity consumed in
October 202
5
was charged onto consumer bills in
December 2025
in line with NEPRA’s decision in the matter of Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA) for the month of October 2025 dated December 09, 2025.
It is important to note that FCA represents retrospective recovery or refund of fuel cost already incurred by utility companies.
Q 2. How are Fuel Charge Adjustment calculated?
FCA is calculated and determined by NEPRA for all DISCOs across Pakistan including K-Electric. This adjustment represents the difference between weighted average actual fuel cost per unit during the relevant month against the weighted average reference fuel cost per unit for the same month as approved in Tariff.
To maintain a uniform tariff across the country, FCAs for XW-DISCOs and K-Electric are determined through Tariff Rationalization. Accordingly, the FCA determined for XW-DISCOs is also applicable to K-Electric consumers in line with the Federal Government’s uniform tariff policy and to ensure the financial sustainability of the power sector.
Q 3. Why am I seeing higher than usual FCA on my electricity bills? OR Do rising Fuel prices have an impact on FCA?
An increase in FCA generally reflects higher fuel prices used for electricity generation and/or changes in generation mix. When fuel price per unit is lower as compared to reference month, the FCA is negative and the benefit is also passed onto consumers bills.
Q 4. Why do I see multiple FCA entries in my electricity bill?
You may see multiple FCA entries in your electricity bills during certain months. This occurs when NEPRA schedules the recovery of FCAs for multiple prior months within a single billing cycle. For instance:
FCAs for October 2023 & February 2024were recovered from customer bills in June 2024.
Similarly, FCAs for August 2023, November 2023 and December 2023 were recovered from customer bills in August 2024.
Both the timing and quantum of FCA application are determined by NEPRA.
Q 5. How is the FCA mentioned on the bill?
The FCA amount and its calculation are clearly mentioned at the front of your KE bill along with the breakdown of applicable charges.
Q 6. Is the FCA charged to all customer categories? Residential, industrial, commercial, slab, TOU?
As per notified SROs,
Positive FCAs are applied across all customer categories except lifeline consumers, Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (EVCS) and Pre-paid consumers of all categories who opted for pre-paid tariff. Please refer below SRO wherein positive FCA of April 2025 were charged to customer bills.
Negative FCAs are applied to all consumer categories except lifeline consumers, protected consumers, Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (EVCS) and Pre-paid consumers of all categories who opted for pre-paid tariff. Please refer below SRO wherein negative FCAs were charged to customer bills.
Q 7. Are KEs FCA different from other distribution companies FCA?
To maintain a uniform tariff across the country, FCAs for XW-DISCOs and K-Electric are determined through Tariff Rationalization. Accordingly, the FCA determined for XW-DISCOs is also applicable to K-Electric consumers in line with the Federal Government’s uniform tariff policy and to ensure the financial sustainability of the power sector.
The uniformity in FCAs of K-Electric and XW-DISCOs commenced from June 2025.
Q 8. Do I get any benefit when Fuel prices decrease? How is it reflected in my electricity bill?
Yes, when Fuel Prices are decreased from the reference amount, a negative FCA is reflected in your electricity bills. The adjusted amount is deducted for the amount payable
Q 9. Are these going to be a permanent feature of my bill from now on?
FCA is recurring monthly adjustment mechanism based on the variation of actual fuel costs incurred by power utilities and is determined and notified by NEPRA. This will be a regular feature based on any variation in fuel prices/mix as per the approved tariff mechanism. Consumers also get a benefit in form of negative FCA when fuel prices decrease. In case of delay in determination due to any reason, the FCA is charged at a later stage as also mentioned in examples above.
Q 10. What does a negative Fuel Charge Adjustment mean?
A negative FCA indicates that the weighted average fuel costs per unit for the given month were lower than the weighted average reference fuel cost per unit. Hence, instead of being charged, eligible consumers will get a benefit of approved amount. The amount of benefit is calculated by multiplying approved negative FCA for given month with the units consumed in that month. This is in line with NEPRA’s direction.
Q 11. How will a negative Fuel Charge Adjustment reflect in my bill?
A negative FCA is reflected in the bill as below:
PHL Surcharge
Q 1. Is the PHL Surcharge applicable across Pakistan or only on KE customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 and S.R.O 408(I)/2023 Government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 2. Is PHL Surcharge applicable across all categories of customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan across all categories, except residential life-line consumers. Schedule of charges as below:
For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 3. If KE has no part in the national circular debt, then why is the PHL Surcharge included in KE bills?
GoP has a uniform tariff policy whereby electricity tariffs are same across the country, therefore PHL surcharge has also been levied on KE consumers to maintain uniformity.
Q 4. Till when are the PHL charges applicable?
Per the S.R.O 408(I)/2023 government has not identified an end date for additional surcharge PHL
Q 5. Does this Additional Surcharge benefit KE in any way or will this amount be deposited with the Government of Pakistan?
No, KE will not be benefiting with the additional surcharge PHL, the amount collected in this regard will be transferred to GoP (Central Power Purchasing Agency – CPPAG), per the S.R.O 293(I)/2023.
Q 6. What can consumers do to do to manage this increase?
K-Electric advocates for Energy conservation which will help the consumers manage the increase in tariff and improve the economic conditions of Pakistan
Q 1. Why is my March 2023 bill higher than the previous month?
Many consumers have received bills higher than the previous month which may be due to changes in the tariff. Here are the changes:
Additional Surcharge (PHL) being applied on bills March onwards. Read more here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Application of FCA that was deferred last year. Read more about it here:
http://bit.ly/3JkNXZW
GST increased from 17% to 18%
Q 2. What is the PHL Surcharge and how does it affect my bill March onwards?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) up to Rs. 3.82/unit on Electricity Bills Across Pakistan this will reflect as “Additional surcharge (PHL)” in electricity bills effective March onwards. PHL stands for Power Holding Limited established for funding of power sector payables. The amount generated from the above-mentioned surcharge will be utilized to pay off the mark-up charges of PHL loans. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 3. Is the PHL Surcharge applicable across Pakistan or only on KE customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 and S.R.O 408(I)/2023 Government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan. For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 4. Is PHL Surcharge applicable across all categories of customers?
Per S.R.O 293(I)/2023 government has applied Additional Surcharge (PHL) on electricity bills across Pakistan across all categories, except residential life-line consumers. Schedule of charges as below:
For further details please read the S.R.O here:
http://bit.ly/3JFeFOm
Q 5. If KE has no part in the national circular debt, then why is the PHL Surcharge included in KE bills?
GoP has a uniform tariff policy whereby electricity tariffs are same across the country, therefore PHL surcharge has also been levied on KE consumers to maintain uniformity.
Q 6. Till when are the PHL charges applicable?
Per the S.R.O 408(I)/2023 government has not identified an end date for additional surcharge PHL
Q 7. Does this Additional Surcharge benefit KE in any way or will this amount be deposited with the Government of Pakistan?
No, KE will not be benefiting with the additional surcharge PHL, the amount collected in this regard will be transferred to GoP (Central Power Purchasing Agency – CPPAG), per the S.R.O 293(I)/2023.
Q 8. What can consumers do to do to manage this increase?
K-Electric advocates for Energy conservation which will help the consumers manage the increase in tariff and improve the economic conditions of Pakistan
Load-Shed related Queries
Q 1. I am facing increased loadshedding; may I know why?
K-Electric has announced a revised load-shed plan to manage the ongoing power shortfall in the city. Accordingly, previously exempted residential areas may experience up to 3 hours of load-shed. This measure will enable us to reduce load shed by 1 to 2 hours in previously nonexempt areas. Stay updated with the developing situation by following @KelectricPK on Twitter.
Q 2. I pay my bill in full, why am I being subjected to loadshed?
While consumer bills are generated against electricity consumed, loadshed is based on the proportion of losses on a feeder level, which are determined on the basis of theft of electricity and non-payment of bills. This is in line with the Government of Pakistan’s National Power Policy and applicable across the country.
Q 3. I live in a loadshed exempt area, why is there a change in the status?
The revised loadshed schedule is being implemented due to various factors including rising demand of electricity and temperatures. However this increase in duration of loadshed is a temporary measure. We will continue to keep consumers updated of the changes through our regular channels.
Q 4. What is KE doing to mitigate the situation?
KE is engaged with all relevant stakeholders for the urgent release of legitimate dues which are critical to continue purchase of fuel. At the same time, KE is making all endeavors to secure cheaper indigenous fuel.
Q 5. What is the current load shed regime and where can I get more information about it?
The updated schedule has been uploaded on KE’s website
Q 6. Why am I not getting this information in advance?
Customers registered via KE’s 8119 service are being informed of this change through advance SMS. To register yourself for SMS updates, type ‘REG’, followed by a space, followed by your 13-digit account number and send it to 8119
Q 7. Are there any other ways to get information?
The schedule is available on our website. It can also be accessed via the KE Live App, KE’s WhatsApp Self-Service Portal, Social Media, and Call center 118
Q 8. Why do some areas experience load shed while others do not?
K-Electric has a well thought out and considerate strategy for the citizens of Karachi. K-Electric’s Segmented Load shed (SLS) policy divides feeders based on their loss profile which is determined by the T&D losses and recovery ratios in any particular area. High Loss areas in Karachi face up to 7.5 hours of load shedding (when energy demand is at its peak) whereas low loss areas face no load shedding whatsoever. The success of the scheme is clear from the fact that there has been a shift of several areas from high loss to low loss. It is also relevant to point out that at the time when K-Electric’s SLS scheme was launched in 2009-10, there was unscheduled load shed across the board but due to consistent approach and application of the scheme across the city without any discrimination, over 75% of the feeders are exempted from load shed, which was only 23% in the year 2009. Moreover, there is a growing acceptance that stealing of electricity and illegal abstraction of electricity is a menace which affects all consumers of Karachi equally. The SLS scheme has been so successful in Karachi, in terms of improving financial viability and consumer behavior that Ex-WAPDA DISCOs have also adopted this model, and the Ministry of Energy has formally approved it as part of the National Power Policy. 2013. Find the National Power Policy 2013
here
. KE conducts a quarterly review process wherein it evaluates the loss of each area and profiles it as high, medium, or low loss, respectively.
K-Electric’s segmented load-shed policy was also acknowledged and lauded at several forums like State Bank of Pakistan and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
General
Q 1. What is FSA?
Q 23. How are average bills calculated?FSA stands for Fuel Surcharge Adjustment. It is the adjustment (positive / negative) given to the customer on units consumed due to variation in fuel prices as determined by NEPRA.
Q 2. Do I have to inform K-Electric if my premises closes?
It is advantageous to inform K-Electric if premises are closed so that the organisation is aware of the reason for the fall in consumption.
Q 3. How can a consumer get the Dues Clearance Certificate from KE?
An application is required to be submitted at the respective IBC for obtaining Dues Clearance Certificate (where there are no outstanding dues against the premises).
Q 4. What is the procedure for change of name/address?
If the consumer sells the premises where the connection is installed, it shall be obligatory upon the new owner to apply to KE for a change of name. Such an application shall be accompanied by written consent of the previous owner regarding transfer of the security deposit in the name of the new owner.You can get your name updated on the bill by providing the following documents:
Sales Deed / Conveyance deed for immovable property / Sub-Lease / Mutation Letter (not for Kachi Abadi)/Registered Gift Deed, Transfer, Allotment Letter/Order In Multi-story project issued by builder or Certified true copy of Form VII/II issued by Mukhtiakar.
CNIC
All dues must be cleared
Undertaking on plain white paper
Additional Documents for Industries/Commercial:
NTN certificate
Additional Documents for Tenant:
Tenancy agreement
Owner CNIC copy
NOC from Owner
Additional Documents for Kachi Abadi: (any of one)
letter from Municipal town / Town office
PT1 certificate Bring all original documents at the time of submission.
Certified true copy of Sanat – Gothabad Scheme Issued by the Board of revenue.
Q 5. What are ‘instalments’?
Instalments are allowed, as per company policy, to facilitate payments from consumers who are either defaulters or have outstanding amounts in arrears.
Q 6. What is ‘MDI’?
The MDI is the Maximum Demand Indicator. Maximum demand, where applicable, means the maximum demand obtained in any month measured over successive periods, each of 30 minutes duration.
Q 7(a). If I did not get my monthly bill at my premises within the due date, what should I do?
Bills are prepared and dispatched each month on a specific date. However, in case of non-receipt of your bill, you can do the following:
Click here
to generate a duplicate bill
Email us at
bill@ke.com.pk
Visit your nearest IBC to get a duplicate bill.
Call 118
Q 7(b). What are the other bill payment options?
Please refer to our
Bill Payment
Options page on our website for a list of convenient payment options.
Q 8. I have been charged a TV-License fee. How can I get the exemption?
OR What are the requirements to waive PTV license fee from electric bill?
The collection of the TV license fee through electricity bills was introduced by the Government of Pakistan through the Finance Act 2005. Pursuant to this, KE has been a collecting agent for the TV License Fee since May 2008. Exemption certificate issued from PTV can be submitted by the consumers at customer care center of KE for processing of TV licensee fee waiver. Alternatively, the exemption form (available at
https://www.ke.com.pk/media-center/downloads/
) can also be downloaded and submitted to KE after filling the required information with following documents so that the same will be forwarded to PTV on behalf of consumers for further processing of TV licensee fee waiver: 1. Consumer Application 2. Last paid KE bill copy (of both side) 3. CNIC copy of applicant 4. Affidavit on Rs.50 /- Stamp paper
Q 9. What is the percentage of Late Payment Surcharge?
Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is equal to 10% of the amount billed, excluding government tax(es) and duty(ies).
Q 10. What are the minimum charges for a single phase meter on residential and commercial usage if there is no consumption?
Rs. 75/- for residential consumers, Rs. 175/-for commercial consumers.
Q 11. What are the minimum charges for a three phase meter on residential and commercial usage if there is no consumption?
Rs 150/- for residential consumers, Rs 350/- for commercial consumers.
Q 12. How can I register for the E-Billing service?
Please refer to our
E-Billing Registration
page and register for the e-billing service.
Q 13. Why do different areas face different durations of load-shed?
KE has devised a strategy based on two key drivers:
Theft (illegal kunda connections)
Recovery ratios (bill payment by consumers)
Aggregate Technical and Commercial Losses (ATCL) determines how many hours of load-shed will be planned for each zone. KE has divided Karachi into four zones: Currently, 61% of Karachi, including low loss residential areas and industrial zones, is exempted from load-shed (as of Jan 2015). In 2008-2009, only 28% of the city was exempted from load-shed. We can’t continue to provide uninterrupted supply in areas where we don’t get paid for the services we provide.
Q 14. Will an area change zones if losses are reduced?
Most certainly. If consumers in an area support KE in combatting theft and duly pay their bills, then as per KE policy they will be moved to a lower loss zone depending on the losses reduced and hence face a lower duration of load-shed.Analysis of the area Aggregate Technical and Commercial Losses (ATCL) is conducted after every three months, whereby depending upon the losses in the area, the load-shed duration is applied.
Q 15. What is KE doing to reduce theft?
K-Electric is deploying Aerial Bundled Cables (ABCs) across Karachi in an effort to combat theft and provide safer and more reliable power across Karachi. These cables are insulated and therefore also prevent the illegal consumption of electricity. KE has also initiated Project Ujala whereby the utility collaborates with communities across Karachi to install ABCs and low-cost meters for those consumers who were previously abstracting power illegally. Community support is proving to be a sustainable way to not only combat theft but also improve the quality of life for the communities and residents concerned. KE has also launched the low-cost meter drive in various areas of Karachi, whereby consumers who are currently not part of our network are encouraged to convert to low-cost meters without risk of any prosecution for power theft or illegal abstraction. KE has launched the Smart Grid project, which allows monitoring of electricity remotely and will have a major impact on controlling electricity theft. The project is currently in its pilot phase in North Karachi; we plan on expanding it across Karachi. KE regularly conducts kunda removal operations in various areas, regular updates of which are made to the consumers via our communication channels (including social media). KE also conducted crackdowns against defaulters and power thieves with the ‘Name and Shame’ campaign in 2011-2012 and Operation Burq in 2015-2016. K-Electric has also set up a dedicated channel
Speak Up
whereby consumers can report theft anonymously by emailing
speakup@ke.com.pk
. Community support is vital to reduce theft in an area. While KE has taken various initiatives to control theft, only in areas where the community has joined KE’s efforts has there been a sustainable solution for reducing theft. This in turn benefits the residents of the locality in the form of reduction in load-shed and faults.
Q 16. How can I find out the load-shed schedule?
Load -shed schedule can be viewed from the link below.
https://www.ke.com.pk/load-shed-schedule/
To find the name of your respective feeder, download our KE Live mobile app, or call 118 or inquire through KE Social Media (
facebook
and
twitter
). Please note only the list of feeders that will face load shedding are mentioned here.
Q 17. Who are lifeline consumers?
“Lifeline consumer” means those residential consumers having single phase electric connection with a sanctioned load up to 1 kW. The lifeline consumers include residential Non-Time of Use (Non-ToU) consumers having maximum of last twelve months and current month’s consumption less than or equal to 100 units; two rates for less than or equal to 50 and less than or equal to 100 will continue.
Q 18. What is Tou billing mode
This is the application of tariff according to the time in which energy is consumed. These rates vary by time of day: more expensive during peak demand hours and less expensive during low demand periods. TOU has been implemented across all Distribution Companies (DISCOs) across Pakistan to encourage responsible consumer consumption and ease the strain of energy usage during maximum demand periods. Billing for eligible customers will be based on their consumption during peak/off-peak hours which are as per below:
Q 19. What are Surcharges?
NEPRA Act allows the government to impose surcharges on electricity consumers. Currently, PHL surcharge is applicable on consumers across the country. Please refer to the link on our website for FAQs regarding PHL surcharge:
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/faqs/#phl_surcharge
Q 20. What is the difference between Protected and Unprotected customers?
Protected customers
are defined as customers with sanctioned loads below 5 kW and who consume upto 200 units per month consistently for the past six months. The tariff charges of protected consumers is less than tariff charged to other unprotected consumers.
Unprotected customers
are customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW but who have consumed more than 200 units in any of the 6 months before their billing month. Their billing is based on slabs and their per unit cost of electricity is higher than protected consumers.
In addition, within protected category are also the Time of Use (ToU) customers, whose sanctioned load is exceeding 5Kw & are charged at Peak & Off-Peak rates as per Schedule of Tariff (SoT).
Q 21. What are Fuel Charge Adjustments?
Fuel Prices used for electricity generation are volatile and are influenced by global supply-demand, dynamics of international and local commodity markets and macroeconomic factors. In addition to fuel price movements, the overall cost of electricity generation is also affected by changes in generation mix (i.e. relative share of different fuel sources) and the volume of electricity generated during any given month.
Fuel Charge Adjustment (FCA)
is an approved regulatory mechanism by NEPRA that allows electricity utilities to recover (or refund) the costs based on variation in fuel prices, changes in generation mix and volume used to generate electricity.
FCA may be positive or negative depending on whether weighted average fuel costs per unit incurred during a given month are higher or lower than the weighted average reference fuel costs for the same month as approved in the tariff. These adjustments are reviewed and approved by NEPRA and subsequently passed onto consumers through electricity bills, usually with a time lag.
For example, FCA pertaining to electricity consumed in
October 202
5
was charged onto consumer bills in
December 2025
in line with NEPRA’s decision in the matter of Fuel Charges Adjustment (FCA) for the month of October 2025 dated December 09, 2025.
It is important to note that FCA represents retrospective recovery or refund of fuel cost already incurred by utility companies.
Q 22. What kind of meters does KE use and queries about meter running fast?
The electricity meters used by K-Electric, as well as other DISCOs in Pakistan, are manufactured by independent suppliers and fulfill global standards.
KE has two kinds of digital meters: single phase and three phase. Both are installed at residential, commercial and industrial premises. Technically, there is no difference between the two except that the three-phase meter is larger in size compared to the single phase one. This distinction is why the single phase meter is usually installed for consumers who have consumption patterns of below 5 KW and three phase meter for consumption equaling to or exceeding 5 KW.
To ensure that only the certifiably best meters are used, KE procures its meters from ISO and PSQCA qualified vendors, both local and international. These are manufactured under the guidelines of International Electrochemical Commission (IEC).
Moreover, in pursuit of transparency in all its operations including metering, KE has established an in-house, state-of-the-art certified lab that tests meters before and after installation from customer premises. These processes strictly adhere to the IEC standards. Also, this facility is open to all KE consumers for a minimum fee who wish to check their consumed units that are displayed on the meter. To know more regarding this option or for any complaints, customers can easily reach out to KE through 118 Call Center, social media forums or by visiting their nearest Universal IBC. Additionally, as these meters are installed at the customer’s residence, they can carry out their own benchmarking by purchasing and installing a meter directly from the market to compare its performance with KE’s meter.
Moreover, with strict protocols in place KE ensures all billing is done fairly and transparently. Since July 2020, as per the guidelines detailed by National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM), wherever possible, a picture of the meter displaying the current months units is now included in the customers electricity bill.
The utility also ensures that all avenues are available to the customers in case of any dispute. They can record their complaints at a number of touchpoints, such as our Customer Care Centers or by calling our Call Center at 118. They can also log in their complaints via our website at https://www.ke.com.pk or through our social media platforms. Moreover, in 2016, K-Electric partnered with the Office of the Federal Ombudsman to establish a one-of-its-kind electronic communication network between the FO Secretariat and K-Electric to ensure quick resolution of consumer complaints.
Q 23. How are average bills calculated?
KE has a robust billing system (SAP-ISU) in place that works on both automation and methodology and has multiple level data validation protocols to bill its customers accurately. In case the power utility is unable to get meter readings for any reasons, the average billing mechanism is used to bill the consumers, in-line with the guidelines prescribed under the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) Consumer Service Manual (CSM)*, which is followed by DISCOs across Pakistan (see figure below).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 14, Section 4.4 (c).
*Source: https://www.nepra.org.pk/Legislation/Codes/Consumer%20Service%20Manual.pdf, page 15, Section 4.4 (e)
This Average billing mechanism utilizes the consumption trend of individual consumer or is based on the bill of the same month in the prior year, whichever is higher. Averaging out over the past 11 months also takes into account summer months, when consumption is generally higher, so the bill may appear inflated to consumers. However, this is adjusted as per the actual meter reading, once physical meter reading resumes.
The average billing formula is very simple. It is based on two calculations, as per the CSM. The last 11 months are considered in this mechanism, and their total is divided by 11 (the number of months, to get the average) and that amount is billed to the customer. The other option given in the CSM is to use the consumption for the same month in the prior year and bill the customer based on that. According to the NEPRA CSM, the higher of these two amounts is used. Also, to clarify, KE has always valued and promoted transparency towards employees and external stakeholders including our consumers. This is evident through regular updates on our websites and other social media platforms regarding any changes in tariff, online energy consumption calculator, FCA schedule etc.
Q 24. What is the significance of KE’s distribution license?
K-Electric is not opposed to competition, however, the utility suggests, in line with GoP policy, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. As per existing Distribution License, like all DISCOs in Pakistan, KE also has exclusive rights to sell electricity in its service area till July 2023. KE’s tariff, valid till July 30 2023, also considers KE’s exclusive distribution rights while determining operational targets for the company such as sales growth and T&D losses. The rationale given for termination of exclusivity, and introduction of competition, is to provide customers with i) more supplier options, ii) better services and prices, and iii) enhanced efficiency, in the public interest. However, this can only be achieved with a level playing field, as:
KE remains obliged to serve its entire service area, including those that are high loss. It also has to sell electricity at a regulated tariff which includes imposing cross subsidy surcharge on good consumers (Industrial, Bulk and High value Residential/Commercial). KE is also held accountable for investing in its network and deal with all related challenges such as transmission and distribution (T&D) losses, encroachment, reliability etc.
New players (i.e. housing societies, industrial areas etc.) unlike KE will have no such obligations, and can cherry pick KE consumers avoiding high loss, low collection areas and focusing on low loss, high collection areas. They will also have the option to negotiate their tariff specifically for their preferred customers, hence, no cross-subsidy surcharge. It is important to highlight here that they will not have their own network and will be using KE’s infrastructure for a cost (wheeling charges.) This means that all the corresponding maintenance and investment cost will still remain KE’s burden, bearing all the T&D losses, currently running around 15%.
This step would inadvertently have several negative implications for Karachi overall. As good consumers (low loss, high collection areas) would shift to new suppliers and avoid cross subsidy, KE would take a hit on its revenues. Adding on to this, as the tariff for the remaining regulated consumers would increase as capacity cost and cross subsidy would be allocated to them, recovery for KE will be harder than before, resulting in further diminishing of its profits. With such an unsustainable model, and earnings being in a downward trajectory, it will be impossible for KE to arrange financing from lenders for its key projects (i.e. 900 MW power plant) and network additions (i.e. additional national grid interconnection points including the requirement to set up grid stations including at 500 kV level). This would jeopardize both, the generation capacity of KE and reliability of the distribution network as the new players will transmit their power via the existing T&D infrastructure. Without the required upgradations, power supply will soon outmatch power delivery. Hence, the utility suggests, to move towards open market, with a sustainable model and which should be followed by all market participants. KE has also filed application for renewal of its Distribution License as per existing provisions of the law and Since, exclusivity has been removed under the NEPRA Amendment 2018, therefore, renewal of the distribution license has been requested on non-exclusive basis. Therefore, to ensure level playing field, it has been requested under the proposed the terms of distribution license that the license should only be granted strictly as per the prevailing applicable legal framework.
Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package
Q 1. What is the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package?
The Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package is an initiative by the Government of Pakistan, aimed at offering special reduced tariff from December 2024 to February 2025. The program seeks to alleviate the financial burden on households and businesses, fostering a more affordable winter season and contributing to Pakistan’s economic stability.
Q 2. Why is the Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package being offered?
The purpose of the Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package is to help consumers manage their winter energy expenses more effectively through reduced tariff during the colder months, thereby encouraging the use of dependable electricity while supporting the country’s overall growth and prosperity.
Q 3. What is the primary benefit of the Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package ?
The main advantage of the package is that it provides cheaper electricity rates for additional consumption beyond the historic benchmark consumption. This allows both households and businesses to utilize electrical appliances or conduct operations with the assurance that any extra power usage will be at a reduced cost.
Q 4. Who is eligible for the Prime Minister’s Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package ?
Eligibility for the Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package is broad, covering a variety of consumers, including:
Residential Users:
Households consuming over 200 units of electricity per month in case of non ToU consumers.
Time-of-Use (ToU) Consumers:
Must have a total monthly consumption (peak and off-peak) greater than the historic benchmark consumption to qualify for the package.
Businesses and Industries:
Commercial and industrial users are eligible.
General Services:
Consumers connected to XW-DISCOs or K-Electric.
The package aims to make affordable electricity accessible across Pakistan.
Q 5. Are there any exclusions from the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package ?
While the package includes a wide range of users, certain exclusions apply:
Consumers with net metering systems are not eligible except for industrial net metering consumers
Consumers with faulty meters for the applicable month
Agriculture, public lighting and bulk supply
Q 6. What is the electricity cost under the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package ?
Electricity costs for additional consumption beyond the historic benchmark consumption will be set at 26.07 Rs/kWh. However, the incremental package applies only to up to 25% of units above the historic benchmark consumption for the respective months.
Q 7. Will the discount apply to the entire electricity bill?
No, the discount is only applicable to the consumption that exceeds the designated historic benchmark consumption. Additionally, the incremental package is limited to a maximum of 25% of units over the historic benchmark consumption for the respective months.
Q 8. What is meant by “benchmark consumption”?
Benchmark consumption” is the established consumption limit, based on past data, used to determine eligibility for the
Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package
reduced electricity rates. It is calculated based on historical consumption, using either the consumption from Fiscal Year (FY) 2024 or the historical consumption for the last three years (respective months), whichever is higher. The historical consumption for the three years is calculated on a rolling basis, with the initial year weighted as follows: 50% for FY 2024, 30% for FY 2023, and 20% for FY 2022.
Q 9. What is “incremental consumption”?
“Incremental consumption” is defined as any electricity usage beyond historic benchmark consumption.
Q 10. When will the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package be available?
The package is set to be effective for the months of December 2024 , January and February 2025.
Q 11. How much can be saved under the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package ?
Potential savings depend on the amount of electricity consumed beyond the historic benchmark consumption during the winter months of December 2024 to February 2025. However, the discounted rates apply only to up to 25% of the units above the benchmark consumption.
Q 12. Will my entire unit consumption be charged at the lower rate?
No, the reduced rate will only apply to the units consumed beyond the historic benchmark consumption, and only up to 25% of the additional units. The standard rates will be charged for consumption up to the benchmark limit.
Q 13. How does the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package benefit industries?
The package provides reduced electricity costs for increased business operations, resulting in higher productivity, reduced costs, and improved profitability.
Q 14. Is any action required to receive the discount?
No action is necessary. Eligible consumers who exceed their historic benchmark consumption will automatically benefit from the discount.
Q 15. How can consumers maximize savings under this package?
To maximize savings, it is advisable to shift more activities to electricity-based appliances during the winter months subject to limit of 25% of benchmark consumption.
Q 16. How is the discount calculated for consumers?
Q 17. How is the discount calculated for new customers?
For new consumers, the benchmark calculation is based on the higher of the Maximum Demand Indicator (MDI) for the relevant month or the sanctioned load, multiplied by hours and the load factor (%) specific to each consumer category.
Q 18. What if the consumer’s meter does not record Maximum Demand Indicator (MDI)?
For meters that do not measure MDI, the sanctioned load alone will be used to determine the historic benchmark consumption.
Q 19. How will benchmark consumption be calculated for those with zero consumption or load changes during the benchmark period?
For consumers with zero consumption or those who increased their load during the benchmark period, the benchmark consumption will be calculated according to the formula used for new consumers.
Q 20. Are taxes included in the incremental consumption rate?
All relevant taxes will also apply to incremental consumption rate.
Q 21. Will Fuel Charge Adjustments (FCA) be included in incremental consumption?
Only positive Fuel Charge Adjustments (FCA) will be included in the calculation of incremental consumption under the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package .
Q 22. Will Quarterly Adjustments or the PHL-DSS Surcharge apply to the additional consumption?
No, Quarterly Adjustments and the PHL-DSS Surcharge will not apply to the additional consumption covered by the Prime Minister’s Bijli Sahulat Package
Q 23. How much additional consumption will the Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package cover?
The Prime Minister’sBijli Sahulat Package will cover up to 25% more units of electricity beyond the benchmark consumption.
Q 24. Will my incremental benefit be impacted by a reversal due to an allowance?
Yes, if an allowance is processed and a unit adjustment is made in your billing, your incremental benefit will also be adjusted.
KE’s Star Rewards
Q 1. What is KE’s Star Rewards?
KE Star Rewards is our way of recognizing and rewarding our loyal STAR customers. By consistently paying your KE bills on time, you become eligible for exclusive discounts and deals on food, leisure, travel, lifestyle, and essential services such as education and healthcare. Simply download the KE Live app here to start enjoying the benefits.
Q 2. What is a STAR customer?
KE customers who pay their bills consistently on time for at least one year are classified as our STAR customers.
Q 3. How do I become a STAR customer?
Simply continue paying your monthly bills on time, and you will become a STAR customer in no time.
Q 4. How do I become eligible for KE Star Rewards?
To qualify, you need to be a STAR customer by making 12 consecutive on-time payments for your KE bills. Your STAR status will be clearly indicated on your KE bill and in the KE Live app.
Q 5. Is there any cost to join KE Star Rewards?
No, joining KE Star Rewards is completely free! It is our way of thanking you for being a valued customer.
Q 6. How can I check if I am a STAR customer?
You can easily check your STAR status by reviewing your monthly KE bill or by visiting the KE Star Rewards tab in the KE Live app. Download the app here to find out more!
Q 7. What if I missed 1 or 2 payments? How long will it take to become a STAR customer again?
KE Star Rewards is exclusively for customers who consistently pay their KE bills on time. If you miss a payment, you’ll need to pay your next 12 KE bills on time to regain your Star Customer status. Stay on track to keep enjoying exclusive deals and discounts every month!
Q 8. What will happen to my STAR status if I pay a bill after the due date?
Your STAR status depends on timely bill payments. If you miss the due date, you can still maintain your status by paying before the next bill issue date.
Q 9. What are the terms and conditions for KE Star Rewards?
Here is what you need to know:
Pay all your KE bills on time for 12 consecutive months.
Access exclusive discounts from a variety of merchants through the KE Live app.
Offers under KE Star Rewards cannot be redeemed for cash.
KE Star Rewards offers are exclusive and can only be redeemed through the KE Live app.
Q 10. How can I redeem the discounts and offers in KE Star Rewards?
Just download the KE Live app here, tap on the “KE Star Rewards” tab, select your deal, and redeem it at the designated outlet.
Q 11. Why can’t I access the KE Star Rewards section on my KE Live app?
The KE Star Rewards tab is available exclusively for STAR customers. Keep paying your bills on time, and you will soon unlock access to all the great deals!
Q 12. If I am the one paying the bill in my house, can other members of my family use the discounts and offers?
Absolutely! Everyone in your household can enjoy the discounts and offers available through KE Star Rewards. They just need to have the KE Live app on their phone and enter the account number. However, once a deal is redeemed, it cannot be redeemed again by another user of the same account. But don’t worry—vouchers will refresh next month for everyone to enjoy!
Q 13. Is there a limit to how many people from one household can use the same utility bill to access the KE Live app?
No, there is no limit on how many people from the same household can use the same bill account. However, once a voucher is redeemed on a unique bill account, it cannot be redeemed again by other members using the same account until it is renewed the following month.
Q 14. Is there a limit on the number of deals I can use in a week or month?
No, you can enjoy as many deals as often as you like; however, each voucher can only be redeemed once a month.
Q 15. Is there an expiry date for the deals offered under KE Star Rewards?
Vouchers are automatically refreshed each month in the KE Live app, so you can continue enjoying the KE Star Rewards program without interruption.
Q 16. Do my rewards and benefits have any cash value?
The rewards provide exclusive discounts and offers as a token of our appreciation for your regular bill payments. They cannot be converted to cash.
Q 17. Who can I contact if I have an issue with redeeming a voucher?
If you experience any issues redeeming your voucher, please reach out to our Star Rewards support team, available 24/7, at
0311-1244555
. We’re always here to help!
Q 18. How will the vendor know I am a STAR customer and eligible for the deal?
Vendors will recognize your eligibility when you present your voucher, which is exclusively available to STAR customers through the KE Live app.
Q 19. Can I avail the same deal again?
Each voucher can be used once a month. All vouchers are automatically refreshed each month so you can continue enjoying the KE Star Rewards program.
Q 20. Can I access KE Star Rewards through KE’s website?
Not yet! Currently, it is only available through the KE Live App. Download it here to start enjoying discounts and offers!
Q 21. Can these offers be redeemed on delivery by the vendor?
For now, the offers can only be redeemed in person at the designated outlet.
Q 22. Will the deals and discounts change each month?
Yes, we update our list of deals and discounts every month to keep things fresh and exciting, while still retaining your favorite deals.
Q 23. What is the validity of KE Star Rewards?
KE Star Rewards remains valid as long as you continue to make payments on time, allowing you to enjoy the benefits of being a KE STAR customer.
Q 24. What happens to my STAR status if I move to a new house?
Your STAR status is tied to your KE account at your current premises. You’ll need to ensure that all bill payments for your new account number are consistently made on time to become a STAR customer again.
Q 25. Are there other ways to check my STAR status besides the KE Live app?
Yes, you can check your STAR status by looking for the STAR logo on your electricity bill. Additionally, your status is displayed in the KE Live app, or you can contact customer support for assistance.
Q 26. Can I use multiple deals in one transaction?
The ability to use multiple deals in a single transaction depends on the vendor’s discretion.
Q 27. Can I return or exchange a product purchased using a KE Star reward?
Returns or exchanges are subject to the vendor’s policy. Be sure to check with the vendor before making a purchase using your KE deal.
Q 28. Can I transfer my Star status to someone else, like a friend, to use it?
No, the Star status is tied to your customer account and cannot be transferred to anyone.
Q 29. Can I pause my participation in the KE Star Rewards if I’m unable to pay the bills for a few months?
If you miss payments, you will lose your STAR status, but you can regain it by making 12 on-time payments.
Q 30. Can I use KE Star rewards while traveling outside of Karachi?
Star Rewards can only be redeemed at participating brands located in Karachi.
Q 31. Are there outlets offering discounts outside of Karachi?
Currently, discounts are only available at outlets in Karachi
Q 32. Can I view past deals or my redemption history on the KE Live app?
Yes, you can view all your past redemptions in the “redeem” tab of the KE Live app.
Q 33. Do I need to show identification to redeem a deal at a vendor?
No, you will only need to present the voucher from the KE Live app.
Q 34. If I have access to multiple KE accounts, can I use my Star status across them in the same transaction?
If you are a Star Customer on all your KE accounts, you can redeem the vouchers according to the terms and conditions of each brand.
Q 35. What should I do if my KE Live app crashes while redeeming a deal?
Try restarting the app and check your redemption history to confirm if the deal was processed. If the voucher is marked as redeemed, you can present the voucher code from your redemption history to the vendor. If the issue continues, reach out to our support team at
0311-1244555
.
Q 36. Does a Net Metering bill qualify me for Star Customer status?
Yes, if you are a Net Metering customer who pays bills on time and has no outstanding dues, you qualify as a Star Customer.
Q 37. If I switch from a regular utility bill to Net Metering, will I keep my Star Customer status?
If you switch to Net Metering and continue paying your bills on time with no outstanding dues, you will maintain your Star Customer status.
Q 38. Will my STAR status be affected if I change my payment method?
No, changing your payment method will not affect your STAR status if payments are made on time.
Refer a Friend on KE Live App
Q 1. How Does It Work?
Share your KE Live referral code with a friend.
Earn points for each successful referral.
Start inviting friends now! Find the “Refer a friend” section in the side menu or tap the “Invite a friend” button.
Q 2. What Are the Campaign Types?
Promo Codes/Rewards and Leaderboard:
Enjoy exclusive rewards and friendly competition! Earn points, unlock discounts, and climb the leaderboard to win amazing prizes.
Only Promo Codes/Rewards Only
Unlock amazing discounts with every referral! Earn points and redeem them for exclusive promo codes.
Leaderboard Challenge
Compete to be a top referrer! Climb the leaderboard and win exciting prizes. Limited time only.
Q 3. What Are the Terms and Conditions of This Campaign?
This campaign is open to KE Live App users only.
No entry fee nor any financial contribution is required to participate in this campaign.
To participate you must share your unique referral code via email, SMS, WhatsApp, or other messaging platforms.
You can find your unique referral code in the “Invite Friends” tab from the side menu on the app.
You will earn points for each successful referral when a new user signs up using your referral code.
For every point earned, you will receive a promo code.
Each campaign has a specified start and end time.
Rewards for referrals can only be won within the prescribed campaign period.
The winner may be notified via a call or email and shall be contacted only by the phone number or email provided. If the winner cannot be contacted, KE reserves the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick another winner.
The prizes are as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. The prize is non-transferable and non-exchangeable and are further subject to availability. KE reserves the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without notification.
The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and picture for publicity. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other participants will be used by KE in compliance with applicable laws of Pakistan.
Points can be gained even if there is no campaign active.
Users reaching a specific points threshold qualify for the leaderboard.
The top users on the leaderboard at the end of the campaign will win exciting prizes.
Points and promo codes are non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
KE reserves the right to disqualify any user suspected of fraudulent activity or violating the terms and conditions.
KE reserves the right to modify or terminate the campaign at any time without prior notice.
KE is not responsible for any technical issues or delays that may affect participation in the campaign.
By participating in the campaign, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in the app’s Privacy Policy.
By participating in the “Refer a Friend” program, you agree to these terms and conditions.
Bank Alfalah Cashback
Q 1. What is the offer in this campaign?
Pay your K-Electric bills through scanning Raast QR printed on KE Bill via Alfa App and get a chance to get PKR 500 as a cashback.
Q2. Who can avail the Cashback?
Cashback can be availed by all registered Alfa app users. Alfa is the official banking application for Bank Alfalah.
Q3. What are the eligibility criteria for this campaign?
Customer needs to scan the Raast QR code on KE bill.
Payments made via Alfa app will be eligible.
Bill amount should be greater than PKR 5,000.
Q4. What is the tenure of the campaign?
The 1- month long campaign starts from 1
st
December’25.
Q5. How many times can a customer utilize this offer?
Customer can utilize this offer only one time as per unique registered account.
Q6. When will a customer be rewarded with the cashback upon paying his/her bill?
Once the payment confirmation is done, the cashback amount will be credited to your KE account once the campaign ends.
Q7. Is there any limit on bill amount to avail the cashback?
Cashback would only be eligible for customers having bill amount greater than PKR 5,000.
Q8. Will the customer still get cashback in case of a failed/due date passed transaction?
The customer will not be legible for any cashback in this scenario.
Q9. What to do if the customer receives ‘unable to process’ error upon scanning the Raast QR for payment?
The customer’s bill will not be marked paid in case of this error. No discount will be given and customer needs to contact Bank helpline.
Q10. What are the Terms & Conditions?
Cashback amount of
PKR 500
per unique registered CNIC.
Cashback would only be eligible for customers having bill amount greater than
PKR 5,000
. This offer is for all registered Alfa app users. Alfa is the official banking application for Bank Alfalah.
Cashback only be eligible if bill is paid through scanning the Raast QR printed on KE Bill.
Cashback will be disbursed/adjusted in customers KE Bill once the campaign ends.
Customer can also avail Buy now pay later facility on the Raast QR transaction.
The 1-month campaign starts on 1
st
December’25.
Cashback would be not eligible on failed transactions.
KE and Bank Alfalah have the right to discontinue the campaign at any time, for any reason, upon no notice to the customer. Upon termination, all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall immediately cease.
KE | easypaisa
Q 1. What is the cashback offer for the campaign?
The campaign offers KE and easypaisa customers a chance to enter a lucky draw by paying their KE bill via easypaisa mobile application. Customers would be able to win PKR 5000 in the easypaisa wallet.
Q 2. Who is eligible for the lucky draw?
All KE consumers who pay their KE bills through Easypaisa mobile application between 1
st
March 2026 and 31
st
March 2026, are entitled to enter the lucky draw.
Q 3. How often can I enter the lucky draw during the campaign?
Each customer can enter the lucky draw one time during the campaign period, which runs from 1
st
March 2026 and 31
st
March 2026.
Q 4. How will I know if I have won a reward?
Winners would be announced on easypaisa social media pages (Facebook and Instagram).
Q 5. When will I receive the rewards?
Lucky draw winners of cashback will get the cashback added to their easypaisa accounts after the campaign ends. The cashback will be given in the last week of April 2026.
Q 6. How can I participate in the campaign?
To participate, simply pay your KE bill through Easypaisa mobile application during the campaign period to enter the lucky draw.
Q 7. How can I contact for queries or complaints?
For any queries or complaints regarding the cashback offer, please contact easypaisa customer helpline 3737 (Telenor users) or 042-111-003-737 (Other networks).
Q 8. What happens if I have issues with receiving my reward?
If you face any issues, please reach out to Easypaisa customer service for assistance, as they handle the reward disbursement.
Q 9. Is there a minimum bill requirement?
No
Q 10. Will my cashback be affected if I have a pending bill?
To qualify for cashback, your bill must be paid in full using the easypaisa application.
Q 11. Can I share this offer with friends and family?
Yes, you can share the campaign details, but everyone must use their own easypaisa account to enter the lucky draw.
Q12. What are the Terms & Conditions?
This offer is valid for easypaisa mobile application users paying KE bills via the easypaisa application between 1
st
March 2026 and 31
st
March 2026.
The cashback will be given to 100 winners at the end of the campaign period.
Each easypaisa mobile application user would be eligible for one entry in the lucky draw.
Under the campaign, winners of the lucky draw may be eligible to receive PKR 5,000.
Lucky draw activity, rewards, and disbursement of rewards is subject to discretion of easypaisa.
In no event shall K-Electric or any of K-Electric’s employees/ officers in any way be liable or responsible for any obligation, representation or warranty contained herein, whether express or implied.
KE and Easypaisa reserve the right to jointly revise, amend, or discontinue the campaign at mutual discretion and without prior notice.
GST
Q 1. What is the percentage of GST charges in the consumer’s bill?
18% GST is charged on the total bill amount of commercial and residential tariffs.
Security Deposit
What is ‘sanctioned load’?
The load in kilowatts sanctioned by KE.
General Solar Questions
Q 1. What are solar PV systems and how do they work?
A solar PV (Photovoltaic) system absorbs the sun’s irradiation and converts it into electricity. Solar panels are made of highly conductive materials. When the sun rays hit the solar panels, it generates DC (direct current) power. The DC energy passes through an inverter to become the AC (alternating current) power which becomes electricity that lights up the connected load.
Q 2. How does a solar electric system work?
Solar cells in the modules mounted on your roof convert sunlight directly into DC power. A component called an inverter converts this DC power into AC power that can be used in your home. The system is interconnected with your utility connection. During the day, if your solar system produces more electricity than your home is using, your utility connection may allow net metering or the crediting of your utility account for the excess power generated being returned to the grid. Your utility would provide power as usual at night and during the day when your electricity demand exceeds that produced by your solar system.
Q 3. What are the types of solar PV system? What are on grid and off grid systems?
There are three different types of solar PV systems.
Grid connected solar PV system: the on grid solar system is tied to your local utility’s grid. This is the most common system that is used in residential settings. The residence will be covered if there is requirement for more energy than that produced by the solar PV system as it will be able to take it from the grid. In case of surplus energy, the excess energy can be sold to the grid as per the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (Alternative & Renewable Energy) Distributed Generation and Net Metering Regulations, 2015.. An on-grid system will use the energy produced from the solar panels during the day and will switch to the grid electricity during the night.
Off – grid solar system: An off grid solar system means that you are not connected in any way to the grid. To achieve this however, there is a need to purchase back up battery systems, which can be expensive, bulky and are not very environment friendly. The battery systems will be charged during the day from the energy produced by the panels and will be used during nighttime.
Hybrid solar system: A hybrid solar system refers to a combination of solar and energy storage while also being connected to the grid.
Q 4. Will my solar system provide backup solution as well? If not, then what will happen in case of load shedding?
No, the current product offering does not include a backup solution. However, it will be announced in future if customized solution including backup is offered. As per current on-grid system mechanism, in case of power outage, the solar system will be shut down.
Q 5. Can I be totally independent from KE/electric utility?
No, the system will be working under net metering regime where you can net off your energy costs annually, but it will not provide complete reliance on Solar. To be totally independent of the utility, a system which also includes a backup solution usually provided in the form of batteries is required. Currently, these are very expensive and bulky.
Q 6. What are the financial benefits of solar energy??
When you install a solar PV system on your premises, you can save money on your electricity bills and protect yourself against rising electricity rates in the future.
Q 7. What are the environmental benefits of solar power?
The installed solar PV system does not produce any greenhouse gas in generating electricity. This makes solar PV system one of the cleanest sources of power generation.
Q 8. What is the cost of maintaining a solar PV system?
The cost of maintaining the solar PV system will vary as per the environmental conditions and will be evaluated at the time of installation. As a rough benchmark, the consumer may assume Rs 0.5/kWh generated from the solar PV system e.g. if the solar system is generating about 1500 units, then the monthly cleaning cost would be around Rs 750 for the month.
Q 9. For residential system it will only require regular cleaning of panels, how can I maintain my solar PV system myself?
The solar PV system can be cleaned using clean water and a non-abrasive sponge. Non-chemical based shampoo can be used once a month. The panels require a periodic light cleaning to make sure dirt, leaves and other debris are not obstructing the sun’s rays.
Q 10. What is the frequency of cleaning required for solar panels?
To get the optimal output from your solar PV system it is advised to clean your solar panels at least once every week.
Q 11. Will the system work on cloudy days?
Yes, though the system will produce less electricity. Under a light overcast sky, panels might produce about half as much as under full sun. The solar PV system doesn’t need sunshine, per se, to generate electricity as much as they need direct unobstructed access to the sun’s UV rays.
Q 12. Why should I choose K-Solar for my solar PV system needs?
K-solar is wholly owned subsidiary of K-Electric Limited (KE ) which comes with a 100+ years of experience in the power sector. K-Solar has developed partnerships with leading suppliers of solar equipment which allows it to offer the best in class solutions to its customers. K-solar will also be offering its customers the option of a Smart Solar & Energy Monitoring system. At K-Solar, the idea is to provide the customers with a one window solution for all their solar needs by providing, robust, quick and quality installations. K-Solar will be building on KE’s customer centric approach and providing round the clock services to its customers. K-Solar will also be building on the strong financial grounds of KE.
Q 13. What will come with my solar PV system? What are the warranties that K-Solar offers its customers?
ItemsWarranties
Solar modules
10 Years (Replacement)/ 25 Years (Performance)
Solar Invertor
10 Years (Replacement)
Solar Structure
10 Years (Maintenance)
Workmanship(Miscellaneous plant equipment)
2 years
Q 14. What panels and inverters will K-Solar be installing on my premises?
K-Solar partners with the state-of-the-art top-tier solar panel and inverter suppliers to provide cutting edge technology to its customers. Solar Panels Make: Longi (China) [Tier-1 equipment] Solar Inverters Make: Sungrow (China) [Global leader in inverters]
Q 15. How much energy will a Solar PV system produce?
The solar energy generation will depend on the size of your system, solar irradiance in your location and various environmental variables that influence the efficiency of solar PV system. Please refer to K-Solar calculator for specific details. For a thumb rule: 10kW On grid system will produce around 1500Units on monthly basis
Q 16. How much roof space is required for a solar panel?
Space requirements will differ from roof to roof depending on obstructions and shading due to adjacent buildings or trees etc. The definitive space requirement can only be provided after a physical survey of roof. To keep roof area usable, elevated/semi-elevated solar mounting structure could be chosen, which costs 10-15% more than standard roof mount structure.
Q 17. What happens if I sell my premises?
You can either sale your system to the new owner or you can shift the complete solar PV system to the new place under minimal amount. However, you have to reapply for net metering at your new premises
Q 18. Can I install a solar PV system on rented property?
Yes, you can install the system at rented property and you can also shift the solar PV system any time to any other premise. However, your net-metering application will have to be signed by the owner of the house as per NEPRA regulations
Q 19. Will a solar energy system protect me from load shedding and outages?
The on grid solar system is tied to your local utility’s grid. This is the most common system that is used in residential settings. In the case of load shedding, maintenance, and grid faults, their system will not be protecting the customer from power outages. Customers looking to protect themselves against these should consider a battery backed system. However, these systems are currently very expensive (1.5X of the price of a system without a battery) and require battery replacement every 5 years which make them unfeasible from a financial perspective.
Q 20. Can the tenant of a premise install a solar system?
To install a solar system, the customer needs to have the title of the property. The owner of the rented property can install the solar system on behalf of the tenant especially in processing net metering cases
Q 21. What are my options to finance Solar PV system?
The customer can avail State Bank of Pakistan’s renewable finance scheme which is available to customers installing solar PV systems of up to 1 MW. This financing is being offered by various commercial banks at 6% and requires an upfront payment of minimum 20% from the customers. The bank will review the application process and approve the financing if all conditions are met. More details can be found at the SBP website.
Advance Income Tax for Non-Filers
Q 1. Why is Advanced Income Tax / Withholding Tax being charged on my electricity consumption?
This is applicable across Pakistan based on the provisions of Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 relating to collection of Advance Income Tax from industrial, commercial, and domestic consumers on electricity consumption. Following are the applicable rates:
Residential Customers:
S.No
Gross amount of billed
Active Tax Payer
Inactive Tax Payer
1
if the amount of monthly bill is less than Rs 25,000/
0%
0%
2
if the amount of monthly bill is Rs,25,000/- or more
0%
7.5%
Industrial & Commercial Customers:
S.No
Gross amount of billed
Tax rate
1
Upto Rs. 500
Rs. 0
2
exceeds Rs. 500 but does not exceed Rs. 20,000
10% of the amount (between 500 and 20,000)
3
exceeds Rs.20,000
Rs. 1,950 plus 12% of the amount exceeding Rs. 20,000 for commercial consumers Rs. 1,950 plus 5% of the amount exceeding Rs. 20,000 for industrial consumers
Q 2. What does “Active Taxpayer” mean?
A person who not only duly files his income tax returns but whose name also appears on the
Active Taxpayers
List issued/updated by Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) from time to time.
Q 3. I am a Tax-filer and my name/CNIC is also appearing on Active Taxpayer List issued by FBR. My electricity bill as a domestic consumer is more than Rs. 25000. How do I update my CNIC on the KE bill so that advance income tax under section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 is not charged on me?
If you are an Active Tax Payer, and your KE account name and address is the same as the name and address on your CNIC, please immediately share your copy of CNIC with us through either of the below customer touchpoints to update your information to ensure that you are not charged an Advance Income Tax on your electricity consumption bill (domestic):
Update your scanned CNIC copy
HERE
Visit a KE Customer Care Centre with a copy of your valid CNIC and your KE Account Number.
Q 4. I am a property owner. How do I update my CNIC in KE’s system if my KE account details are different from my CNIC details?
If you are the property owner but your KE account details for electricity connection at the said property do not match with your CNIC name and address, then you will need to apply for a Change of Name. Visit your nearest IBC and submit the duly filled form along with the registered sale deed (ownership proof), attested copy of your CNIC, NOC from previous owner, a copy of your last paid bill (evidencing that no arrears are pending) and Undertaking at any KE Customer Care Centre. You may also apply for a Change of Name online via:
The KE Live App
https://www.ke.com.pk/live-playstore
(Google Play)
https://apps.apple.com/pk/app/ke-live/id1458106362
(App Store)
KE Live Web Portal
https://live.ke.com.pk/Pages/LoginPage.aspx
The Change of Name process may take up to nineteen (19) working days. You will receive a confirmation of completion via SMS. We will update your user account details on receipt of your complete request.
Q 5. If I am a Tax-Filer and my name is appearing on Active Taxpayer List issued by FBR; living in rented premises, can I update my CNIC in KE’s system to become eligible for Advance Income Tax exemption?
If you live in rented premises and your current or permanent residential address on the CNIC matches the billing address mentioned on the KE Bill, then upload the scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
along with your KE customer account details to update the User details (name and CNIC) on KE bill.
Q 6. What if my property is in the name of a family member?
If you are an owner but the property documents are not in your name or the property is in the name of another family member, KE can update the User section of the of the electricity bill with your name and CNIC details only if your KE billing address matches the address mentioned on your CNIC. Please upload a scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
along with your KE customer account details.
Q 7. What if I was unable to change my KE account name in time and was thus charged an Advanced Income Tax in my electricity bill (domestic consumer), is there any way to reverse this?
In case you have been charged Advanced Income Tax on your electricity consumption, under Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001, then you may be able to claim adjustment/refund from FBR through filing of income tax return.
Q 8. In case I have been charged Advance Income Tax on my electricity bill erroneously, what should I do?
In case you feel that the Advance Income Tax has been charged erroneously on your electricity bill (for domestic consumers) despite updated CNIC details and inclusion in the FBR’s Active Taxpayer List, please immediately visit your closest Customer Care Centre for correction of the bill. Alternatively you may write to us at
tariff.helpdesk@ke.com.pk
. We will aim to rectify any mistake within 10 working days.
Q 9. How will I know whether I have been charged the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax on electricity consumption, under Section 235 of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001?
The charging of 7.5% Advanced Income tax on electricity consumption is duly mentioned as a separate line item in your electricity bill. Please see the image below as an example:
Q 10. What if the temporary or permanent address on my CNIC does not match the address on my KE bill?
The temporary or permanent address on your CNIC must match the address mentioned on your KE bill for your user account details to be updated and for you to be eligible for the advanced income tax exemption. You can conveniently update the temporary address on your CNIC in the NADRA system via a simple process requiring nothing more than giving the temporary address as the card delivery point. This can be done both online or via a visit to a NADRA service centre.
Q 11. In case of a consumer living in rented premises will the tenancy agreement be required?
No, KE does not require your tenancy agreement; your Computerised National Identity Card (CNIC) will suffice as long as the temporary or permanent address on the card matches the KE billing address. Incase your CNIC address does not match KE records then click
HERE
.
Q 12. How will KE ensure that the customer is an Active Tax Filer?
KE accesses the Active Taxpayer List (ATL) from the FBR website and uses the FBR data to validate the filing status of its customers.
Q 13. Is the Advance Tax applicable on Irregular Bills or Instalments as well?
The Advanced Income Tax will only be charged on Electricity Consumption. Thus it is not applicable on Irregular Bills. However it will be applicable on any instalments.
Q 14. I live with my parents/family member and the property is in their name. However, I pay the utility bills, will I need to get the owners name changed so I can avail the benefit?
If your KE billing address matches the address mentioned on your CNIC, all you need to do is upload a scanned copy of your CNIC
HERE
or visit your nearest Customer Care Centre.
Q 15. Is this Advanced Income Tax also applicable on places of worship?
Places of worship will not be charged Advanced Income Tax under the current directive.
Q 16. If one consumer has 2 or more meters, is this threshold applicable on a single meter or collectively on all metres?
The 7.5% Advanced Income Tax applied by the Government of Pakistan will be charged only if the Current Electricity Bill of an individual meter is PKR 25,000 or above. Thus if you have two metres and neither individually approaches this threshold, then the Advanced Tax will not be applicable on you. Similarly if you have more than one metre and both individually have a monthly bill of PKR 25,000 or more then Advanced Income Tax will be charged on both accounts.
Q 17. What if I own the property however the KE account is in the name of the previous owner?
In this case, you can easily update your KE Account details by appling for a Change of Name process. Click
HERE
to learn more about how you can do this and what documents are required.
Q 18. Incase I am retired or a pensioneror or tax-filing is not applicable for me, is there any exemption from Advanced Income Tax?
Per the Government of Pakistan direction, the Advanced Income Tax is applicable on all customers whose monthly electricity bill is PKR 25,000 or above. This amount may be however claimed from the FBR during an Annual Tax Filing process. To learn more, please visit the FBR website or email:
helpline@fbr.gov.pk
/
www.fbr.gov.pk
Q 19. I live with my parents, hence am neither the owner of the house nor the tenant. What option should I select in the Customer Updation form?
Please select Owner on the Customer Updation Form.
Q 20. Incase of rented premises, whose CNIC will be registered: the owner’s or the tenant’s? OR What if the tenant is filer but the landlord is not a filer. Can tenants update their details on the electricity bill in order to be eligible for an exemption from the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax?
Both the tenant or the owner can singly or jointly update their CNIC’s against the KE account. In the former, the User details will be updated, while in the latter case, the ownership details will be updated. In both cases the 7.5% Advanced Income Tax may be exempted.
Q 21. Will the Advanced Income Tax be applicable on the common meters used for appartments’ lifts, water pumps and corridor lighting etc.?
We have written to the FBR for clarity on this matter and will update this space with their response.
Q 22. How will I know that my details have been updated on the system?
Customers whose details have been updated in the KE system shall receive an auto-generated SMS confirming the update. In addition their CNIC shall be printed on the next bill that they receive.
Q 23. Incase there are mulltiple owners of a house, will all the owners have to respectively update their CNIC details in the KE system or will anyone owner’s CNIC be sufficient?
KE requires only ONE owner / user details to be updated against each meter.
Q 24. If a premise has more than one meter, can all the connections be registered against one resident who is a filer?
Yes. If the resident is a tax-filer and the permanent or temporary addresses on his CNIC match the address printed on the KE electricity bill.
Q 25. How will I get my Advance Tax Deduction certificate?
Easily get this via a visit to your nearest IBC or download it from the convenience of your home via
KE WhatsApp
or
KE Live App
. Alternately call 118 and request for your Advance Tax Certificate.
Q 26. What if I do not receive a K-Electric bill as my housing society bills me directly? OR What if I live in Bahria Town where KE does not supply directly?
In cases where KE does not supply customers directly, please directly contact your respective society’s helpdesk or administration for more clarity.
Q 27. Can I also get my name removed as a tenant from the residence in case I move out later?
Yes you can update your details as a Tenant in another premises and have them removed from your current premises when you move out.
Q 28. Should customers’ whose bills are less than PKR 25000 also update their CNIC details with KE?
While customers whose monthly electricity bills are less than PKR 25,000 are exempted under the Advanced Income Tax directive, we do encourage all customers to update their details in the KE records and ensure they are validated on a regular basis. This will not only enable us to serve you better by having your valid credentials on hand with us, it will also enable you to avail Advanced Income Tax exemption in case of any unexpected increase in future consumption at your end.
Q 29. I am a tenant at one premises and my family is a tenant at another location. However I pay the electricity bills for both locations. Can my details be updated as a user on the electricity bills for both locations?
As a tenant, on order to be eligible for Advanced Income Tax exemption, the Permanent and/or Temporary address on your CNIC must match the addresses mentioned on the KE Bills that you pay. At present your NADRA CNIC is limited to only one temporary address option, thus you can only be eligible for Advanced Income Tax exemption against a single premises.
Q 30. If a customer owns multiple properties, can only one address be updated against their CNIC?
Home owners can register their CNIC details against more than one properties as long as all of them are in the same name as printed on the CNIC. If they are currently not in your name, you can easily update your ownership details in our records by applying for a Change of Name process. Learn more about the process
HERE
.
WhatsApp
Q1. Why does KE have so many customer touchpoints? Why has KE added WhatsApp as a new 24/7 automated customer touchpoint?
We want to stay connected with our customers and make it easy for you to reach as whenever you need as conveniently as possible. Therefore, we offer a variety of conventional service platforms (Physical Customer Care Centres, contactless 118 Helpline and 8119 SMS) and 24/7 Digital touchpoints including
Facebook
,
Twitter
,
KE Live
and now
WhatsApp
. Since a large proportion of our customers actively use WhatsApp for their regular communication, this platform was a natural extension for KE’s Customer Care Services as it is not only rapidly growing but is also familiar and comfortable for our users.
Q2. How easy is it to access KE’s Customer Care Services through WhatsApp?
Accessing KE’s Customer Care Services through WhatsApp is as simple as: Scanning this QR Code
OR Saving
0348-0000118
to your contact list and WhatsApping us a “Hi”
Q3. What will it cost me to use KE’s WhatsApp self-service channel?
KE is offering the convenience of connecting via WhatsApp free-of-charge. However your mobile service provider may apply standard internet charges.
Q4. Can I add/link my KE account number to this WhatsApp solution?
If your contact details are registered with your KE account, then your account is already linked with KE’s WhatsApp solution. We will automatically display your registered account numbers for your next actions. In case your KE account details are not registered against your phone number, you will be prompted for your KE account number.
Q5. Along with my Duplicate Bill, what other KE services can I access via WhatsApp?
Now you can avail most of your commonly required services easily through WhatsApp.
Get your Duplicate Bill and get information regarding bill payment options.
Learn about your current Power Status and raise a complaint if needed.
Lodge a billing complaint without visiting the Customer Care Centre
View your load-shed schedule.
Get your Income Tax certificate.
Get guided about applying for a New connection.
Q6. Is there a tutorial for WhatsApp to help me understand how to use this service?
Q7. How many months duplicate bills can I download via WhatsApp?
You can download your last 6 months electricity bills via WhatsApp.
Q8. WhatsApp shows my Current Power Status as ‘ON’ but my house does not have power?
You may be facing an unreported outage. Please immediately raise a complaint by selecting option 1 so that we can dispatch our repair team and restore your supply as soon as possible.
Q9. Is this service available 24/7?
You can connect with us 24/7 on this platform as well as through our other digital touchpoints including
KE Live App
,
Facebook
,
Twitter
, and 8119 SMS.
Q10. Will I need to speak to a customer service agent via WhatsApp?
WhatsApp Customer Care Services are automated and extremely intuitive to use. They do not require any agent interaction. However should you feel the need, you can always easily connect with us at our 118 helpline.
Q11. Can I link more than one KE account via KE’s WhatsApp services?
You can download the electricity bill and avail services against an unlimited number of KE accounts via our WhatsApp service.
Q12. If I run into a technical issue with the WhatsApp service, who can I ask for help?
In case of any queries or if you need any help, please write to us at
whatsapp@ke.com.pk
E-Billing
Q1. What is e-billing?
Ebilling, or electronic billing, refers to the process of sending and receiving bills in an electronic/digital format, rather than in a physical paper form. Benefits of ebilling include faster payment processing, easier record keeping, and reduced environmental impact. Customers can apply for ebilling
HERE
and can receive their bills every month on their registered email address. In addition, ebills may also be downloaded via KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
, and KE WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
Q2. How do I sign up for ebilling?
Sign up for ebilling with KE today and experience the convenience of receiving and paying your bills electronically. You can sign up on KE’s website by clicking on
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
, or WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, you can also subscribe through KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
or simply email us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. Take the first step towards a paperless future with KE’s ebilling service.
Q3. How will I receive my ebills?
When you subscribe for ebilling, you will be asked to provide an email address where you would like to receive your ebill. Each month, your KE bill will be emailed to this registered email address. In addition, you can conveniently download up to 6-months of ebilling history via KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
, KE WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, and KE Website
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
whenever you want, wherever you want.
Q4. Are ebills secure?
Ebills are generally considered to be more secure than paper bills, as they are typically encrypted and sent over secure networks to your password-protected email address.
Q5. Why should I sign up for ebill?
When you make the shift to a paper-free world of billing, you benefit from:
Convenience of receiving your bill whenever and wherever you are
Ease of making your digital payments through e-links to digital platforms
Never losing your bill in the mail
Receiving your bill on time, every time
Never again worrying about filing and storing paper bills
Contributing to environmental sustainability by conserving trees and water, and cutting CO2 emissions and landfill waste.
Q6. Can I still receive a paper bill if I sign up for ebilling?
When you subscribe to ebilling, you agree to switch your medium of bill receipt from physical paper to electronic delivery via email. If ebilling does not work out for you, you can easily revert to paper billing by sending an email on
customer.care@ke.com.pk
Q7. What if I cannot find my ebill in my email inbox? What if I accidentally deleted my ebill? Is there any other way to retrieve my ebill?
Any time you want, you can easily download copies of your ebills through the KE website
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
, WhatsApp
https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi
, KE Live App
https://onelink.to/kelive
or through our SMS service. Please do keep your KE account number handy when using these services. Your 6 months billing record is maintained at all these platforms. Should you require an older statement, please visit your nearest IBC or call us at 118.
Q8. Can I register more than 1 email address? OR I would like other family members to also be informed when the bill is generated.
You can register multiple email addresses against your KE account. Email us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
, the other email IDs you would like to register for ebilling with subject “REGISTER ADDITIONAL E-BILLING ID”. The registration process may take up to 02 days. ebills will be dispatched to additional registered email IDs from the next billing cycles.
Q9. I have more than one email address subscribed to ebilling; on which email will I receive the bill?
If you have multiple email addresses registered against your Account, your monthly bill will be sent to all registered email addresses.
Q10. What if I want to maintain a physical record of my bills?
If you are a subscriber to ebilling, you can still maintain a separate record of your KE bills by either printing out the ones that you need physically or saving bill copies to other storage devices i.e. hard drives.
Q11. What if I need historical electricity ebills?
Your monthly KE E-bills will be saved in your email inbox for years and can easily be extracted by entering KE’s email ID (noreply@billingke.com.pk ) in the email search bar. Download and save these bills to any external devices. 6 months billing record can also easily be downloaded from the history via KE Live App https://onelink.to/kelive, KE WhatsApp https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi , and KE Website https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/ whenever you want. Should you require an older statement, please visit your nearest IBC or call us at 118.
Q12. If I pay my bill through Bank/postal office can I still subscribe for ebilling?
If you pay your KE bills through physical channels like Bank/Postal Office, you can still subscribe to ebilling. Ebills can be downloaded and printed when required and all physical channels like Bank Branches/Postal Office will accept these copies. However, we strongly recommend that you shift to any of these convenient digital payment platforms
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/billls-and-e-payments/
where you can pay your bill with just a few clicks from the comfort of your home and save time and commute costs.
Q13. Is ebill accepted on all Payment platforms?
As ebill subscriber, you can pay your KE bills through any physical or digital channel. Check out the extensive list of our payment partners
Pay online by entering your KE Account Number only. Your most-recent billing amount due will be auto-updated in the banking system. If you want to pay using digital wallets like Easy Paisa, Jazz Cash, or Upaisa, you can do so through their digital apps, which allow you to make digital payments without the need for a physical copy of the bill. However, if you prefer to make payments in person, you may need to bring a paper bill with you when you visit a physical shop. Pay your KE bill physically at Bank branches, Postal Offices, and shops via (Easy Paisa or Jazz Cash) by printing the ebill and visiting the physical channel with the printed bill and the payment amount.
Q14. What if I miss the ebill email?
Don’t worry if you happen to miss KE’s ebill email. We will supplement the email with SMS and call reminders to ensure that you stay on top of your bill payments. If for some reason you are unable to find your ebill email or if it has been deleted, you can easily download copies of your ebills via KE Live App https://onelink.to/kelive, KE WhatsApp https://wa.me/923480000118/?text=Hi , and KE Website https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/ and our SMS service. Please do keep your KE account number handy when using these services.
Q15. What if I pay my bill through Easy paisa/Jazz cash, can I still subscribe to ebilling?
You can subscribe to ebilling regardless of your payment platform. As long as you pay the bill through their mobile app, physical copy of the bill is not required. If you opt to pay in-person at a mobile shop, you must carry a printed copy of the bill as well.
Q16. Ebilling is not working out for me right now, how can I unsubscribe?
You can unsubscribe from ebilling at any time by writing to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
. We hope you will consider re-subscribing to ebilling when it is more convenient for you.
Q17. I live in rented premises, can I subscribe for ebilling?
Yes, tenants can subscribe for ebilling and provide their property owners with evidence of monthly bill receipts and payments, by including their email IDs as an additional ebill recipient. You can register multiple email addresses against your KE ACCOUNT. Email
customer.care@ke.com.pk
the other email IDs you would like to register for e-billing with subject “REGISTER ADDITIONAL E-BILLING ID”. The registration process may take up to 02 days. e-bills will be dispatched to additional registered email IDs from the next billing cycles. You have the option to change or update your ebilling details every time you relocate by simply writing it to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
.
Q18. How can I change my ebilling details?
You can always get your registered email address or contract account changed by simply writing it to us at
customer.care@ke.com.pk
.
Q19. I receive an ebill but my staff has to physically pay the bill at a bank branch / physical payment platform.
Ebills can be downloaded and printed when required and all physical channels like Bank Branches/Postal Office will accept these copies. However, we strongly urge that you shift to any of these convenient digital payment platforms
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
where you can pay your bill with just a few clicks from the comfort of your home and save both time and commute costs.
Q20. If I am an e-bill subscriber and paying my bill digitally how will I get the proof of my payment?
KE has recently introduced a digital “Paid” stamp on KE bills that confirms that your electricity bill has been paid and allows customers to keep track of their payments, eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting. It also makes it easier for customers to transition to the convenience of e-billing.
Q21. How will this “Paid” stamp on e-bills benefit me?
The “Paid” stamp on KE’s digital bills confirms that your electricity bill has been paid allowing you to:
Keep track of your payments
Eliminating the need for physical bills or payment receipts for record-keeping and accounting
Conveniently shift to e-billing (
https://www.ke.com.pk/customer-services/e-billing/
)
Never worry about filing
Cut down your paper footprint and help save trees and water
Q22. For how many months can I view the digital stamp on my paid KE bills after they have been paid?
You can access your historic KE bills for up to 6 months from the KE Live App, KE WhatsApp and KE website. Any paid bills during this period will carry the relevant payment stamp.
Q23. When is the stamp placed after payment?
Once the payment is reflected on KE System, you will be able to view digital stamp against your KE bill through any digital channel from next day.
Q24. What if I have paid the bill after due date?
Stamp will be reflected against the month for which the bill has been paid regardless of whether the amount is paid within due date or after due date.
Q25. If my bill payments are on installment/scheme/advance/token, will my paid bill show the digital stamp?
Whether bill payments are on installments/schemes/advances/tokens, the relevant digital stamp will still be reflected against your KE bill subject to payment being received by KE.
Electricity Rate Reduction Announced by PM Shehbaz Shariff
Q1. What is the Tariff reduction announced by the PM Shehbaz Shariff?
PM Shehbaz Sharif has announced a nationwide reduction in electricity tariffs for Industrial, Commercial, and Residential categories. This initiative, effective from April 1st, 2025, is part of the government’s broader effort to ease financial pressures on businesses and households amidst rising inflation and economic challenges. Here’s a breakdown of the total reduction in electricity rates per unit (PKR/kWh):
Industrial: -8.2175 PKR/kWh
Commercial: -8.7654 PKR/kWh
Residential: -8.4132 PKR/kWh
The revised rate reductions will be applicable from April 1st – June 30th 2025 on pro-rata basis.
Q2. Who will benefit from this reduction?
The reduced rates will apply to most consumers across Pakistan, including:
– Industrial users
– Commercial customers
– Residential households
However, some categories are not eligible for this reduction:
FCA
: Applicable to all consumers except Lifeline consumers (customers with consumption of less than 100 units over a period of 12 months, having single phase electric connection with a sanctioned load up to 1 kW), domestic protected consumers (customers with consumption of less than 200 units over a period of 6 months) & EV charging stations.
QTA & TDA:
Applicable to all consumers except lifeline consumers
Q3. What components make up this tariff reduction?
The government’s relief package includes cuts across three main components of your electricity bill:
1. Fuel Cost Adjustment (FCA): -3.0218 PKR/kWh
2. Quarterly Tariff Adjustment (QTA): -1.9004 PKR/kWh
3. Tariff Differential Adjustment (TDA): -1.71 PKR/kWh
In addition to these:
– Sales Tax (@18%) has been adjusted accordingly.
– Advance Income Tax based on consumer type:
– Industrial @ 5%
– Commercial @ 12%
– Residential @ 7.5%
The final benefit combines all of these reductions for each category.
Q4. When and how will I see this benefit?
You will begin to see the revised, lower per-unit electricity rates in your monthly bill for April 2025. There is no need to apply or register – the reduction is being applied automatically based on your consumer type.
Q5. Why are lifeline and protected consumers excluded?
These consumers are already receiving subsidized rates under special government programs. The current reduction is aimed at standard residential (who do not fall under the protected or lifeline categories), commercial, and industrial users.
Senior Citizen
Q1. Can elderly or differently abled persons avail all billing services from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can avail all billing services and complaint facility from 118 helpline.
Q2. Can elderly or differently abled persons also avail duplicate bill from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can avail duplicate bill services. They can also use other available facilities for duplicate bill, such as KE Live app, SMS 8119 and the KE website.
Q3. Can elderly or differently abled persons avail bill installment or token bill from 118 helpline?
Yes, now elderly or differently abled persons can get bill installment or token bill without leaving the comfort of home. This is currently only available for residential customers.
Q4. Can elderly or differently abled persons place a change of name request from 118 helpline?
Yes, elderly or differently abled persons can place change of name request from 118 helpline.
Q5. How will duplicate or token bill be delivered to a customer through 118 helpline?
The KE team will share the requested bill on the customer’s preferred channel, i.e. email or WhatsApp.
Q6. Can all commercial, residential and industrial customers avail these services from 118 helpline?
Billing services from 118 helpline are currently only available for residential customers.
Q7. What are the timings to avail billing services from 118 helpline?
Elderly or differently abled persons can call the 118 helpline 24/7 to avail billing services.
Online Payment
Q1. Are any payment gateways integrated with the KE Website and KE Live App?
Yes, the HBLPay Payment Gateway handles routing of all online transactions from the KE website to the Visa/MasterCard networks with state-of-the-art solution, utilizing the 3D-Secure platform for added security in addition to the integrated fraud management tool to help protect from internet hacking and fraud attempts. It supports VISA & MasterCard enabled debit and credit cards for national as well as international payments.
Q2. What is 3D Secure?
3D Secure means your card is safe to be used for online transactions. 3D Secure requires a password or code called as One Time Password (OTP) generated when completing an online transaction. The OTP is sent on email and/or SMS and needs to be entered at the e-commerce website to authenticate the transaction.
Q3. Can local and international card holders use this service?
Yes, a cardholder can use any Visa or MasterCard issued by any bank, locally or internationally, for making online KE bill payments on KE website and KE Live App.
Q4. How can a cardholder make the KE bill payment through KE website or KE Live App?
A cardholder will visit the KE website page or login to KE Live App which offers online KE bill payment acceptance feature and can make their payment online through Credit/Debit cards. A cardholder must verify OTP along with the rest of the Credit/Debit card details before making a bill payment. Click here to make a quick and secured e-bill payment round the clock on the KE website using your Debit or Credit Card.
Q5. How can a payment be made via Credit/Debit Cards on the KE Website or KE Live App?
Cardholder must have sufficient limit of funds the issued Credit/Debit card.
On the duplicate bill page select “Payment Method”.
Enter complete cardholder details. Full Name, Email, Mobile Number, Card number, CVV, Card Expiry Date, input OTP received on the registered mobile number or email.
Verify & Pay Verify payment details thoroughly. Click “Confirm and Pay” to complete the transaction.
Q6. What is the issue when the payment is not able to proceed on KE Website or KE Live App?
Cardholder may have entered incomplete or incorrect details. Cardholder must ensure that the information provided for the transaction must be accurate and please always check full details listed in the previous FAQ. all details must be correctly entered before proceeding to pay.
Q7. How will the user be informed of the successful payment of the bill?
Each transaction is authorized through the Payment gateway and returned with an approved/ declined status. If the transaction is successful, the page will show an ‘Accept’ response. User will also receive a confirmation SMS or email on registered device that the payment has been received.
Q8. What happens if the transaction is not successful?
If transaction is declined the page will show a ‘Reject’ response. Once the transaction fails, the amount will automatically be refunded, the cardholder can check this their Credit/Debit card statement. Customer must contact respective Bank’s Helpline number for any queries related to transaction reversal status and technical complaints.
Q9. How can the bill payment transaction be cancelled?
User can cancel the transaction before inputting card details or OTP. User will not be able to cancel payment once payment is processed successfully. Furthermore, amount cannot be reversed once it is submitted for processing. There is no refund/return policy for KE bill payments.
Q10. Do any other charges apply in Credit/Debit card payments?
Currently, there are no charges on Credit/Debit card payments on the KE website. In future, if any value-added service (VAS) charges are applied, as convenience fee by payment processor, it will add up in the final amount on the checkout page after user enters details. Please note, KE does not charge any fees or charges over the Gross Amount Payable and any amount that might appear as additional deduction is the VAS charges for processing the transaction.
Q11. Can all KE customers use Credit/Debit card payments service?
KE residential consumers can make their full KE bill payment online on KE website or KE Live App through Credit/Debit card payment option.
Q12. If customers use this service on due date, will it be timely updated in system to avoid any inconvenience?
All successful payments authorized through the Payment Gateway are logged in real-time and successful payments gets updated in KE system subsequently. The service is also available for after due date bill payments, with the respective late payment surcharge added.
Q13. Can customers pay their KE bill in instalments through Credit/Debit card payment service?
No, the Credit/Debit card payment service is not available for partial or instalment bill payments.
Q14. Is it safe to pay with Credit/Debit card on the KE Website or KE Live App?
Fraud detection and prevention are very important to us. KE does not have the direct access to the cardholder data. Payment page is hosted by the Payment Gateway service provider, i.e. HBLPay. However, HBLPay has taken necessary steps to ensure that all information related to cardholder and card transaction are stored in secure and encrypted format. Online payments are monitored continuously for suspicious activity and some transactions are verified manually if HBLPay feels that it is not authorized by the owner of the card.
Q15. Do users need to save card details on the KE website?
No, users will never be asked to store their card details on the KE website. Also, customers do not have to sign up from any login account before making a payment transaction on the KE website. Additional measures such as asking for CVV and OTP allow for added security.
Q16. What is the other Digital Payment Option enabled for bill payment on the KE website?
NIFTePAY digital payment platform is enabled on KE Website to provide Pay via Account service to the customers to pay their bills using the Bank Transfer facility.
Q17. What is Pay via Account?
It is account based payments refer to use bank account number along with key authentication information to securely make a digital payment which is settled on real-time basis. Pay via Account facilitates payments through a website for a transaction without usage of cards.
Q18. How can a payment be made through Pay via Account on the KE Website?
Consumer will visit KE Website or App, view bill and for payment will select Pay Now tab to proceed for Payment options – Pay via Account Customer will be diverted to NIFT ePay Payment Gateway where customer will provide details for making transaction via select Bank Account Transaction will be routed through the Payment Gateway’s secure page to the customer’s bank for authorization. After entering details and OTP/PIN, transaction will be verified, account will be debit upon successful transaction and details will be sent to the customer on his registered mobile number/email by the bank. The transaction response (successful or unsuccessful) will be shown through payment gateway to the customer.
Q19. Do any other charges apply in Account based payments?
Currently, this free of cost service is for all KE Consumers. There will be no additional Bank Charges to avail this facility. In future, if any value-added service (VAS) charges are applied, as convenience fee by the bank or payment processor, it will add up in the final amount on the checkout page after user enters details. Please note, KE does not charge any fees or charges over the Gross Amount Payable and any amount that might appear as additional deduction is the VAS charges for processing the transaction.
Q20. Disclaimer
By clicking on the “Pay” button on KE website and KE Live App, customer agree that he/she will be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Bill Payment through Credit Card/Debit Card and through Pay via Bank Account.
Q21. What are the Digital Banking Channels for Online Bill Payment?
KE in partnership with the country’s leading banks, offer consumers the convenience of paying bills 24/7 through their Online Banking Services through Mobile or Internet banking by using 13-digit KE Bill Account Number. Please click
here
to view the list of Banks offering digital bill payment services through Internet and Mobile Banking.
Q22. What are the requirements for Bill Payment through Digital Banking Channel?
Customers must register for internet and/or mobile banking by requesting their respective bank. Customers should always follow bank’s guideline for using digital banking service secure and must not share any personal information like password, pin code, through fake email, SMS, or call. In case of any suspicious activity, customer must lodge complaint at their respective bank’s helpline.
Rain mitigation – Elevation of infrastructure
Q1. What is the meaning of “KE infrastructure”?
KE’s power infrastructure consists of generation, transmission, and distribution systems that are essential to providing electricity to our consumers through a network spanning across 6,500 kilometres2. KE supplies power to all residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural areas that fall under the city’s ambit and beyond, serving over approx. 3.7 million customers across Karachi and its surrounding areas. Power infrastructure includes (but is not limited to) poles, PMTs, and grids.
Q2. Why does the KE infrastructure require to be elevated?
KE infrastructure is required to be elevated so that the height of power installations in areas prone to water logging in Karachi can be raised. This activity is being done to ensure reliable power supply to all areas during rain and monsoon season.
Q3. How long is the upgradation activity/infrastructure elevation activity going to take?
This ongoing activity of KE infrastructure elevation shall, on best effort basis, targeted to be completed prior to the upcoming monsoon.
Q4. Will consumers receive advance information/intimation of power disruption each time?
Consumers who have registered their contact number on 8119 will receive an SMS notification. Kindly register if you have not done so already – simply type “REG Account number” from your mobile phone and send it to 8119. You can also visit our website
www.ke.com.pk/power-shutdown-notices/
for the schedule.
Q5. Where can I see the maintenance schedule for this activity?
Please visit KE website, in the “Customer Services” section go to “Maintenance Shutdown” tab. For your ease, here is a quick link:
www.ke.com.pk/power-shutdown-notices/
for the schedule.
Q6. Where can I call/report if disruption exceeds the duration which was communicated?
Consumers can call 118 if the disruption exceeds the duration which was communicated.
Q7. What would be the elevated height of KE infrastructure after the upgradation?
KE infrastructure will be elevated up to 5 feet in height by the upgradation activity.
Q8. What will happen if Karachi experiences the same volume of rain as in August 2020/last year?
If the city experiences the same volume of rain in upcoming monsoon, KE infrastructure which has been elevated may not be submerged by waterlogging in the targeted areas.
Q9. Despite the efforts if waterlogging issue cannot be resolved, will KE ensure uninterruptable supply even in waterlogged areas?
Provided there are no safety concerns and/or emergency situation, KE is committed to its values to ensure uninterrupted and safe power supply to consumers If KE infrastructure is not submerged by waterlogging in areas.
Special Subsidy for Industries
Q 1. Who is entitled to the Peak Industrial Subsidy for industrial consumers announced by the Government of Pakistan?
This subsidy is applicable on industrial consumers having TOU tariff, falling into any of the following categories i.e., B1, B2 B3 B4 & B5.
Q 2. For how long will the newly announced rates stay in effect?
Peak Rates are revised and are same as Off Peak; these were initially effective from November 01, 2020 till April 30, 2021 and was extended till June 30, 2022. There has been no further extension, accordingly, consumers will be charged Peak and off peak rates from July 1, 2022
Q 3. What are the rates on peak hours for industrial consumers post this announcement by the Government of Pakistan?
Peak Rates are revised and are same as Off Peak, effective November 01, 2020 to April 30, 2021, further extended till June 2022.
Q 4. When was the benefit of these changes, Peak Rates revised same as Off Peak and additional subsidy, included in our billing?
The benefit of the subsidy was reflected starting from the December 2020 billing period of industrial consumers.
Annual Preventative Maintenance
Q 1. What does “Annual Preventative Maintenance” mean?
“Annual Preventative Maintenance” means periodic preventive maintenance regularly done to power infrastructure in order to ensure optimized outputs. This is carried out because power infrastructure, like any other equipment, requires periodic maintenance.
Q 2. How will I be informed if this work is being performed in my area?
All KE customers registered on 8119 will receive timely intimations about upcoming annual preventative maintenance activities in their area. Additionally, customers can get in touch with KE call centers at 118 or through SMS to 8119 as well as via social media forums or through the KE Live app in case of any complaints or queries.
Q 3. How can I register for 8119 SMS?
There are two ways to register for the SMS service:
Register online; simply
click here
and submit your 13 digit A/C # and mobile number.
Register via SMS; type REG(space)[your 13 digit A/C #] and send this SMS to 8119.
Shortly after submitting your request, you will receive a welcome note that confirms your registration with the K-Electric mobile service.
Q 4. Why does KE choose to pursue this activity during the winter months?
KE and power utilities across the country routinely plan their annual maintenance during the winter months since there is less demand on the system, and planned shutdowns are relatively easier for customers to bear, because of the cooler weather.
Q 5. Why are these Annual Preventive Maintenance activities carried out?
Annual preventive maintenance shutdowns are periodically carried out in various parts of Karachi constantly to make sure the system is working smoothly. Customers of respective areas are given prior intimation via SMS. The power utility also continuously conducts system upgrades across the network such as the replacement of traditional cables with theft and kunda resistant Aerial Bundled Cable (ABC). These shutdowns and preventive maintenances are essential to ensure the system continues to operate at an optimum level.
Late Payment Surcharges (LPS)
Q 1. What is Late Payment Surcharge (LPS)?
A Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is a fee imposed when a bill or payment is not settled by its due date. This acts as a penalty for overdue payments, designed to encourage timely payments. For example, if a customer fails to pay their utility bill on time, a percentage of the amount billed excluding taxes and duties etc is charged as LPS. The rates for LPS are determined by NEPRA and is uniform across Pakistan.
Q 2. What is the new Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) rate?
As per SRO 1035, new LPS rates imposes:
A 5% surcharge will be applied on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties if full payment is made within 3 days after the due date
A 10% surcharge will be applied on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties if full payment is made 4 days or more after the due date
Q 3. When does the new LPS structure apply?
The new LPS is effective from October 1, 2024.
Q 4. How is the Late Payment Surcharge calculated?
The Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) is calculated as a percentage of the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
If a customer pays within 3 days after the due date, they will be charged a Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) of 5% on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
If a customer pays after 3 days of the due date, they will be charged a Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) of 10% on the amount billed excluding taxes and duties.
For example, if the current electricity charges are Rs. 10,000:
Paying within 3 days after the due date would result in an LPS of Rs. 500
Paying after 3 days would result in an LPS of Rs. 1,000
Q 5. Can I avoid the LPS?
Yes, you can avoid the LPS by ensuring that your bill is paid in full before or on the due date.
Q 6. What happens if I consistently pay late?
Consistently paying your bills late will result in a late payment surcharge being added to your payable amount each month.
Q 7. How can I ensure I avoid late payments?
You can avoid late payments by paying your bills on time by following these tips:
Use online payment methods from the comfort of your home
Keep track of bill due dates using the KE Live app
Subscribe to e-bills to receive email updates for upcoming payments
Bill related Queries
Q 1. What are the slab rates for residential consumers?
You can view the tariff rates for Residential Consumers
HERE
.
Q 2. What is a supplementary bill? Why is it charged?
Bills in addition to the monthly (regular) bill are called supplementary bills. These are charged to consumers for the following reasons:
Units billed on account for consuming electricity through illegal means
For any prior period, adjustments in accordance with the criteria specified in CSM for eg. Meter slowness etc.
For the transition period when the tariff is changed from one category to another
Tariff Queries
Q 1. Why have my tariffs been changed from residential to commercial?
During a random survey, if any activity is found at the premises pertaining to a commercial nature by meter readers/MIO (Meter Inspection Officers), it will lead to a change in tariff from residential to commercial. Please note that as per Chapter 07 of the NEPRA Consumer Service Manual read together with the Tariff Terms and Conditions, the consumer shall, in no case use the connection for the purpose other than for which it was originally sanctioned. In case of violation, the consumer is liable for disconnection and legal action. The phrase for the purpose other than for which the connection was originally sanctioned means if a connection was originally sanctioned under one tariff category for example domestic tariff (A-I) and is being used for commercial purpose i.e. A-2, KE shall serve seven days clear notice to the consumer who is found misusing his/her sanctioned tariff. However, KE shall immediately change the tariff and shall determine the difference of charges of the previous period of misuse to be recovered from consumer. However, in the absence of any documentary proof, the maximum period of such charges shall not be more than two billing cycles. Please note that as per the Tariff Terms and Conditions, Residential Tariff (A1-R) is applicable for residences and places of worship whereas Commercial Tariff (A1-R) is applicable for supply to commercial offices and commercial establishments such as Shops, Hotel and restaurant, Petrol pumps and Service Stations, CNG filling stations, Private Hospitals/Clinic/Dispensaries, Places of Entertainment, Cinema Theater, Clubs, Guest Houses/Rest Houses, Office of Lawyers, Solicitors, Law Associates and Consultants , All private offices
Tariff Changes – May 22, 2019
Q 2. Has there been a change in the Consumer-end Tariff for K-Electric customers as notified by NEPRA?
Terms and conditions of tariff
Tariff Terms and Conditions for consumers of K-Electric Limited were modified by National Electric Power Regulatory Authority’s (NEPRA) in July 05, 2018 and notified in SRO # 576(I)/2019 dated May 22, 2019, issued by the Ministry of Energy (Power Division) which has been subsequently updated through SRO 1429(1)/2021 dated November 5, 2021. Please refer
here
for latest terms and conditions
Tariff rates
Electricity tariff for K-Electric consumers was revised by Ministry of Energy (Power Division) through SRO 575(I)/2019 dated May 22, 2019, subsequently updated through SRO 1037 dated October 12, 2020 and SRO 192 dated February 12, 2021. Further, Ministry of Energy (Power Division) updated consumer end tariff through SRO 1429(1)/2021 dated November 5, 2021. Recently, Ministry of Energy (Power Division) has further updated consumer end tariff through SRO 1004(1)/2022 dated July 7, 2022. Please click
here
for latest tariff rates
Q 3. What were the tariff changes in the Consumer-end Tariff for K-Electric customers per the SROs dated May 22, 2019?
Under the SRO dated May 22, 2019, certain terms and conditions were revised, including the below:
A) Time of Use Billing:
All Consumers having sanctioned load of 5 kW or above are eligible for Time of Use (ToU) billing and are being billed on consumption during peak hours and off-peak hours as mentioned below.
*To be duly adjusted in case of day light saving
B) Bank Charges and Meter Rent:
Bank charges and meter rent are no longer be charged to customers.
C) A3 Tariff:
A new A-3 General Services Tariff category was introduced. To find out which categories of customers this Tariff shall be applicable please refer
Question 16
D) Lifeline Consumer:
The criteria for ‘Lifeline Consumers’ was changed. However, it has been further updated through SRO 1429(1)/2021 dated November 5, 2021. Please refer
Question 15
for latest definition of lifeline consumers.
E) B1 & B2 Tariff:
The criteria for B1 Tariff was revised to include all Industrial consumers having sanctioned load of up to 25 kW. Whereas B2 Tariff will now be applicable on Industrial Consumers having sanctioned load between 25 kW to 500 kW.
Q4. When will this Consumer-end Tariff for K-Electric customers be applicable?
Applicable Tariff was notified by Ministry of Energy (Power Division) through SRO 575(I)/2019 dated May 22, 2019 and was effective from next billing cycle.
Q5. Where can I get further information about this SRO and its impact on my bill?
For any further clarity or queries, customers can refer to KE website or approach KE via its call-center 118, through KE’s Facebook and Twitter social media platforms or visit any of KE’s 30 Customer Care Centers across Karachi.
Q6. What is Time of Use (TOU) Billing?
This is the application of tariff according to the time in which energy is consumed. These rates vary by time of day: more expensive during peak demand hours and less expensive during low demand periods. TOU has been implemented across all Distribution Companies (DISCOs) as per the Uniform Tariff Policy applicable across Pakistan to encourage responsible consumer consumption and ease the strain of energy usage during maximum demand periods. Billing for eligible customers will be based on their consumption during peak/off-peak hours which are as per below:
Q7. What if someone wants to reduce their load to avoid ToU billing?
If a consumer has load requirement less than 5 kW than only it can apply for load reduction. The following documents to be attached for reduction of load along with Application Form
Test report issued by the Electric Inspector or his authorized wiring contractor
Copy of last paid bill subject to the condition that no arrears/deferred amount/installments are pending.
Attested copy of CNIC
Signed Power Supply Contract can be obtained from KE offices
Payment of Capital Cost (if applicable)
Updating of Security Deposit in case of extension/reduction of load at prevailing rates subject to adjustment of already paid security deposit.
Please also note that in case of reduction of load, the Security Deposit shall be updated at prevailing rates and the difference of the Security Deposit shall be refunded/charged, as the case may be.
Q8. What benefit does Peak/Off-Peak timings give to a customer?
Shifting use of electrical appliances from Peak hours to Off-Peak hours has the potential to reduce electricity costs for customers.
Q9. Which customers are eligible for ToU billing?
All Residential, Commercial, and Agricultural customers with 3 phase meters and a sanctioned load of 5kW or above and all industrial consumers are eligible for ToU based billing. Consumers can view sanctioned load of their connection on their bills.
Q10. How can I be eligible for ToU billing if my sanctioned load is below 5 kW?
Customers whose sanctioned load is below 5 kW and but whose actual load requirement is above 5 kW should download and fill the form available
HERE
and submit it at any KE Customer Care Centre. ToU billing will be initiated upon fulfillment of all relevant Terms and Conditions by such consumers.
Q11. What will be the tariff for customers who are not eligible for TOU billing?
Such consumers will be billed on non-ToU Tariff as prescribed under the respective category as per latest applicable SRO notified by Ministry of Energy (Power Division). Please refer
here
for latest SRO
Q12. What if I meet the criterion but I am not being billed on TOU?
If you are a Residential, Commercial, or Agricultural customer and a sanctioned load of 5kW or above or an Industrial consumer, then you are eligible for ToU based billing. In case your bill does not reflect TOU billing, please contact 118 or visit any KE Customer Care Center.
Q13. How does KE calculate ToU Charges?
TOU meters have been installed at eligible customers’ premises. These meters record unit consumption during both peak/off-peak hours. The rates for peak and off-peak hours is determined by NEPRA and notified by Government of Pakistan.
Q14. Will KE continue to charge meter rent and bank charges in monthly bill?
KE will not collect meter rent and bank charges from its consumers as per Tariff Terms and Conditions for consumers of K-Electric Limited modified by National Electric Power Regulatory Authority’s (NEPRA) on July 05, 2018 notified on May 22, 2019.
Q15. Who are lifeline customers? Has there been any difference in its criterion from the past?
Lifeline consumers definition was revised in May 2019 and was further updated in November 2021. Please refer
here
for the updated definition.
Q16. Has there been a new category been introduced in tariff structure?
Yes. NEPRA introduced a new A3 category in May 2019, dedicated for general services sector. Below are the customers/institutions where this category will be applicable.
Approved religious and charitable institutions
Government and Semi-Government offices and Institutions
Government Hospitals and Dispensaries
Educational Institutions
Water Supply scheme including water pumps and tube wells operating on three phase 400 volts other than those meant for irrigation or reclamation of Agriculture land
Embassies and Consulate Generals
Q17. From which date will the A3 category be applicable?
This Tariff category was notified by Ministry of Energy (Power Division) through SRO 575(I)/2019 dated May 22, 2019 and will be effective from next billing cycle.
Q18. What if I meet the criterion but am not being charged as per the A3 category rate?
In case of any clarification please call 118 or visit any KE Customer Care Center.
Q19. Has there been any criterion revision for B1 Tariff category?
The criteria for B1 Tariff was revised to include all Industrial consumers having sanctioned load of up to 25 kW. Whereas B2 Tariff is now applicable on Industrial Consumers having sanctioned load between 25 kW to 500 kW.
Q20. What if I am an industrial customer with sanctioned load less than or equal to 25 kW but my category has not been revised to B1?
In case of any clarification please call 118 or visit any KE Customer Care Center.
Tariff Changes – November 5, 2019
Q21. What changes have been done in tariff categories of Residential Non-ToU consumers?
Residential Non-ToU consumers have now been bifurcated into the categories of “protected” and “unprotected”. The protected category includes a sub-category i.e., lifeline consumers whose definition has also been updated with effect from November 5, 2021. Further, slabs for un-protected category of consumers have also been updated. Please refer latest SRO 1004 dated July 7, 2022 for latest slab structure.
Q22. What is the updated definition of lifeline consumers in Residential category?
“Lifeline consumer” means those residential consumers having single phase electric connection with a sanctioned load up to 1 kW. The lifeline consumers include residential Non-Time of Use (Non-ToU) consumers having maximum of last twelve months and current month’s consumption less than or equal to 100 units; two rates for less than or equal to 50 and less than or equal to 100 will continue.
Q23. What is the need of having to bifurcate the residential category in to protected and unprotected consumers?
GoP has approved policy guidelines for gradual reduction of subsidy in three phases, – Under Phase I, definition of protected and unprotected consumers was introduced for residential consumers and slabs were further broken. As per MoE, this was done to ensure that the most vulnerable residential consumers are identified through electricity consumption so that they are fully or partially protected from any future price escalation NEPRA approved these proposals on September 23, 2021 and were incorporated by MoE in tariff notification dated November 5, 2021. – Under Phase II, it has been proposed to remove slab benefit from Un protected residential consumer. NEPRA has approved this proposal vide decision dated March 9, 2022 and MoE has notified the same within SRO 1004(1)/2022 dated July 7, 2022. – Under Phase III, further reduction of subsidies is proposed, however, the same is yet to be announced.
Reconnection / Disconnection
Q 1(a). When is my line disconnected?
A premises is liable to be disconnected if the consumer is a defaulter in making payments on the energy consumption charges bill(s), or if he is using the electric connection for a purpose other than that for which it was sanctioned, or if he has extended his load beyond the sanctioned load even after a receipt of a notice in this respect from KE. When a consumer defaults in payment of his electricity bills for two months, he becomes eligible for disconnection. The KE team disconnects the consumer’s line tlll payment of the bill.
Q 1(b). Under what circumstances will electricity supplies to the consumer premises gets disconnected?
Default
Illegal utilisation of excess load
Theft
Using the electric connection for a purpose other than for which it was sanctioned
Q 2. What are the reconnection (RC) charges?
There are no reconnection (RC) charges applicable.
DET Billing
Why is the consumer charged on estimated/DET mode?
There are different scenarios under which the consumer can be charged estimated billing, including:
Consumption of electricity while the line is disconnected
Faulty meter
Theft of electricity
New Connection
What is the process for new connections?
Please refer to our
New Connection section
to apply for a new connection.
Net Metering Relevant Questions
Click here for Net Metering FAQs.
Click here for Net Metering FAQs.
KE Live Promo Collaboration with Foodpanda & Befiler
Q1. What is Foodpanda and Befiler?
Foodpanda is a 24/7 online food delivery platform. Befiler is Pakistan’s number one online tax filing and NTN registration portal for individuals and SMEs.
Q2. Who can avail the campaign offers?
The discount offers can be availed by all new users of the KE Live, Foodpanda and BeFiler mobile applications.
Q3. What are the terms and conditions for Foodpanda and Befiler promo codes?
Food panda
All new customers who download KE Live App will get a maximum 50% discount on their first Foodpanda order
(capped at PKR 500)
.
Terms & Conditions
This offer is applicable upon new KE Live App download and new customer of Foodpanda.
Minimum order value – PKR 150.
Applicable across Foodpanda except Pandamart.
Voucher validity – 3 months.
These vouchers will be sent to customers by KE through SMS and or Email.
In case of queries related to FoodPanda, kindly reach out to their help center on the app
Befiler
All new customers who download the KE Live App can avail 87% off on NTN registration and Tax filing. The customers will only need to pay PKR 500/- to avail Befiler services.
Terms & Conditions
Upon KE Live App download, vouchers will be sent to customers by KE through SMS and or Email.
Multiple individuals can register, and avail offer against one account number.
In case of queries related to Befiler please contact 021-38892069
Q4. How will the promo codes be shared?
Consumers would receive the respective promo codes on their KE registered mobile number and or email address within 48-72 hours.
Q5. In what locations can the promo codes be redeemed?
Promo codes can be redeemed anywhere in Karachi
Q6. Will I recieve promo codes without entering account number in the app?
No, you will not.
Bank Alfalah Prepaid Card Campaign
Campaign Offer
Q1. What is the cashback offer for KE bill payments?
Bank Alfalah prepaid card users will receive
5% cashback
on KE bill payments, with a maximum cap of
PKR 5,000 per month
.
Prepaid Card Basics
Q2. What is a prepaid card?
A prepaid card is a Visa-backed virtual card that customers can create through the Alfa app. It allows secure online payments across all e-commerce platforms.
Q3. How can existing Alfa users create a prepaid card?
Log in to the Alfa app → go to
Cards
→ select
Virtual Cards
→ click
Create Prepaid Card
→ enter CNIC, phone number, father’s name, and CNIC issue date → complete BVS → enter OTP → your prepaid card will be created instantly. Credentials will be sent via SMS.
Q4. Where can I view my prepaid card details?
In the Alfa app under Cards → Virtual Cards → See Prepaid Card Details, where you’ll find your card number, CVV, and expiry date.
Topping Up the Card
Q5. How can existing Alfa account holders top up their prepaid card?
In the Alfa app, go to
Cards → Virtual Cards → Top Up Prepaid Card
, enter the desired amount, and transfer funds from your Bank Alfalah account.
Q6. Can I top up my prepaid card through Alfalah CDM?
Yes, customers can also top up their prepaid card using Bank Alfalah Cash Deposit Machines (CDMs).
Q7. How can non-Alfa users or non-Bank Alfalah account holders top up their prepaid card?
Log in to any other banking app (e.g., HBL, Easypaisa) → select
Send Money
→ choose
Bank Alfalah
→ enter prepaid account number (9351 + your phone number). Example: 935103033181867.
Bill Payment Process
Q8. How do I pay my KE bill using the prepaid card?
In the Alfa app, go to
Bill Payments → KE
→ select
Prepaid Card
as the payment method → complete the payment. Cashback will be credited to your prepaid card balance.
Q9. How can I check my prepaid card balance after cashback?
In the Alfa app under
Cards → Virtual Cards → See Prepaid Card Details
.
for Non-Alfa Users
Q10. Can I create a prepaid card without being an Alfa user or Bank Alfalah account holder?
Yes. Log in to the Alfa app as a
Guest User
using CNIC and phone number → go to
Cards → Virtual Cards → Create Prepaid Card
→ follow the same steps as existing users. For top-ups, use another banking app as explained above.
Prosumer Regulations 2026
Q1. What are the new Prosumer Regulations 2026?
As per S.R.O. 251(I)/2026 & S.R.O. 547(I)/2026, issued by NEPRA, the Prosumer Regulations 2026 introduce a new framework for customers who generate electricity using solar, wind, or biogas for their own use and share surplus electricity with the grid.
These regulations replace the earlier Net Metering Regulations 2015 for new distributed generators with Net Billing, effective 9
th
February 2026 whereas for existing distributed generators, the Net Metering Regulations (2015) shall remain in effect provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q2. What is a “prosumer”?
Prosumer is a customer that has a system for generating electricity through renewable sources (such as solar, wind, or biogas) and is connected to the grid (DISCOs).
For e.g. If you have solar panels, use electricity at your home or business, and send surplus electricity back to the grid, you are a prosumer.
Q3. Can I still install Solar at my home or business under the new regulations?
Yes. Customers can continue to install solar, wind, or biogas systems.
However, all new installations are now processed under the Prosumer Regulations 2026.
Q4. Is Net Metering still available for new solar customers in Pakistan?
Net Metering has been replaced with Net billing under the NEPRA Prosumer Regulations, 2026, effective 9
th
February 2026. Only existing customers continue net metering until agreement expiry provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q5. What is the difference between Net Metering (before) and the Net Billing system (now)?
Net Metering has been replaced with Net billing under the NEPRA Prosumer Regulations, 2026, effective 9
th
February 2026. Only existing customers continue net metering until agreement expiry provided there is no material modification in distribution generation facility.
Q6. How will my electricity bill be calculated if I install solar under the prosumer system?
This is what your bill will look like under the prosumer system:
For a residential ToU customer with the consumption (import) of 300 units from the grid and production (export) of 400 units from solar
Q7. What does “National Average Energy Purchase Price” mean for a solar customer?
The National Average Energy Purchase Price is the energy component only of the overall cost at which electricity is purchased by Distribution Companies across Pakistan.
Q8. Will installing solar still help me save money under the new Prosumer Regulations?
Yes. Solar remains beneficial. The biggest savings come from using your own solar electricity during the day. Sending extra electricity to the grid is an added benefit.
Q9. What happens if my solar system generates more electricity than I consume?
If the value of electricity you send to the grid is higher than value of electricity you consume from the grid:
The amount may be adjusted in your next bills, or
Paid to you on a quarterly basis.
Q10. Do I need approval from NEPRA to install and operate a solar system as a prosumer?
For existing consumers under current agreement, no approval is required from NEPRA till the expiry of contract. Upon expiry, concurrence is mandatory.
For prosumers registered under the instant regulations, NEPRA’s concurrence is mandatory once your utility approves your system. A one‑time fee of Rs. 1,000 per kW is applicable.
Q11. How does the Prosumers Regulations 2026 affect my existing net metering license?
If you already have a valid agreement under 2015 regulations:
Your agreement and the net-metering mechanism previously applied will continue until expiry. However,
In case of any material modification like enhancement in system capacity, you will be shifted to Prosumer Regulations 2026.
Upon expiry of the current agreement, the amount of excess electricity sold to the grid shall be calculated based on National Average Energy Purchase Price (NAEPP).
Q12. Can the electricity utility disconnect my solar system, and under what situations?
The utility may temporarily limit the operations and/or disconnect the system in the event of technical faults, routine maintenance or repairs to its distribution systems, upon termination of agreement and where the prosumer’s facility is found non-compliant with the Prosumer Regulations, 2026.
Q13. Can I sell the electricity generated from my solar system to someone other than the utility?
No. Electricity generated by your system can only be shared with your utility, not with other customers.
Q14. What if I don’t start generation within 6 months of NEPRA concurrence?
If you fail to continue generation within 6 months of grant of concurrence, you must obtain fresh concurrence.
Q15. Is there a limit on how much solar can be connected to my local transformer?
If distributed generation capacity connected to a particular transformer reaches 80% of its rated capacity, the Distribution Company shall not entertain new applications for that transformer.
However, the prosumer may do so by paying for the cost to be incurred by Distribution Companies for distribution system improvements required solely for the interconnection of the distributed generation facility.
Q16. Is any fee applicable for solar systems under the amended Prosumer Regulations 2026 ?
As per
S.R.O. 709(I)/2026
, an application for concurrence shall be accompanied with following fee, paid in favor of NEPRA:
S.no
DG Facility Size
Applicable Fee
1
25kW or below
Nil
2
Above 25kW
PKR 1,000 per kW
(as one-time fee paid in favor of NEPRA)